ID	SENTENCE
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence1	Total nightmare.
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence2	This was arguably the worst period of time in my life.
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence3	It made me so mentally ill I almost ended up in a psych ward.
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence4	Stay away from this if you can!
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence5	I lost weight considerably and shook all the time .
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence6	I had terrible anxiety the whole time , the worst kind of anxiety I've ever experienced.
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence7	Also tardive diskenesia was becoming very prevalent.
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence8	Tobacco cravings were rampant .
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence9	I never felt at ease or comfortable , I was constantly on edge and wanted to cry .
EffexorXR.Post1.Sentence10	Please be careful if you are taking this, o
EffexorXR.Post2.Sentence1	Sleepy , constipated , unable to orgasm , felt "out of body" most of the time .
EffexorXR.Post2.Sentence2	Some improvement in mood but not worth it, at all.
EffexorXR.Post2.Sentence3	Withdrawal is difficult and unpleasant.
EffexorXR.Post2.Sentence4	Would not recommend this drug to anyone.
EffexorXR.Post3.Sentence1	Extreme irritability , weight gain and sleepless are just a few side effects of this horrible drug.
EffexorXR.Post3.Sentence2	Sure it helps depression because it makes you not give a rats ass about anything !
EffexorXR.Post3.Sentence3	I was on 225 mg and have weaned down to 37,5.
EffexorXR.Post3.Sentence4	The only way I can sum it up is to say I wish I could be put to sleep for a month or so while this gets out of my system.
EffexorXR.Post3.Sentence5	Horrible Horrible Horrible
EffexorXR.Post4.Sentence1	I tried to kill myself witch mad no sense since I LOVE MY LIFE!
EffexorXR.Post4.Sentence2	The effexor worked great at first and then slowly i started to sleep more and feel more and more depressed , I also started having weird behavior .
EffexorXR.Post4.Sentence3	I never tried to hurt myself before this drug, o
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence1	constipation , drastic mood swings , 100% helped my anxiety and panic .
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence2	didnt do much for the depression .
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence3	This drug is the devil.
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence4	Ever try getting off of it?
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence5	You would think you were going through heroin withdrawals.
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence6	Im lucky I didnt die b/c I just stopped cold turkey one day and the brain zaps puking and overall feeling you get is like no other.
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence7	I will never touch an antidepressant again.
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence8	Just to think that I went through all that physical and mental anguish to get off a drug.
EffexorXR.Post5.Sentence9	it could not be safe to take on a daily basis
EffexorXR.Post6.Sentence1	Apathy , memory loss , blurred vision , insomnia , nightmares , sexul dysfunction , shivers and shakes and the list goes on.
EffexorXR.Post6.Sentence2	Chronic Discontinuation Syndrome.
EffexorXR.Post6.Sentence3	I was told to taper from 75mg to 37mg for 1 week and then 37mg to 0 for the next week.
EffexorXR.Post6.Sentence4	I had prior knowledge to know that this was way to fast so I took 6 weeks to taper and still suffered terribly, it was worse than my original condition and symptoms, be very careful stopping this drug too quickly or it can be PURE HELL!
EffexorXR.Post6.Sentence5	The worst AD withdrawals I have ever experienced and I've tried heaps.
EffexorXR.Post6.Sentence6	In my opinion just don't go there, it's not worth it.
EffexorXR.Post7.Sentence1	sexual side effects , nausea , drowsiness , " brain zaps ", dizziness , weight gain .
EffexorXR.Post7.Sentence2	The drug did what it was supposed to do, but it's the withdrawal symptoms that occur from lessening the dose, or tapering off the medicine.
EffexorXR.Post7.Sentence3	These adverse effects are horrific and make it very difficult to function for a period of at least 2 weeks.
EffexorXR.Post7.Sentence4	While I was taking this drug, I would experience these side effects if I missed ONE dose.
EffexorXR.Post7.Sentence5	By the next morning, I would barely be able to get out of bed, had dizziness, brain zaps, nausea, headaches, excessive sweating/urination that often lead to dehydration, etc.
EffexorXR.Post7.Sentence6	When I tapered off this medication, over a period of 2 months, these effects were 10x worse and lasted for about a week each time I lowered my dose.
EffexorXR.Post8.Sentence1	high blood pressure and high pulse .
EffexorXR.Post8.Sentence2	Though the literature says these are rare side effects, it happens.
EffexorXR.Post8.Sentence3	Before starting Effexor, my BP was 120/80, pulse 75.
EffexorXR.Post8.Sentence4	While on 225 mg Effexor, BP averaged 140/80 and pulse ranged from 85 to 105-resting rate !
EffexorXR.Post8.Sentence5	Lost 7 lbs the 3 months I was on it; must have sped up my metabolism too.
EffexorXR.Post8.Sentence6	These numbers only added to my anxiety .
EffexorXR.Post9.Sentence1	Restlessness , anxiety , persistent thoughts of death and suicide.
EffexorXR.Post9.Sentence2	The withdrawal symptoms were unbearable.
EffexorXR.Post9.Sentence3	This drug should not be given to anyone.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence1	suicidal / homicidal hopeless thoughts , irrational broke a tooth grinding them incessantly, erratic menstrual periods , intense dreams that I could not tell from reality and could not wake from.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence2	Sleepiness and bouts of sleeplessness extreme lethargy developed diabetes type II high blood pressure and was hospitalized twice when trying to ween off of the drug.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence3	No one ever told me even as I was seeing my psych and psychologists weekly, and my physician, that what I was experiencing could be from the drug.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence4	They just said I was severely mentally ill and needed hospitalized and more and more medication.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence5	At my second involuntary hospitalization I refused all psych meds and miracle of all miracles I FINALLY GOT BETTER.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence6	5 months drug free and no more hospitalizations ps both my psychiatrist and my psychologist dropped me during my last hospitalization.
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence7	Said I was too severely ill for them to help me, NICE!
EffexorXR.Post10.Sentence8	But I've gotten better ever since.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence1	If I could go back, I would have never taken this drug.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence2	At first it was okay because I didn't feel as anxious as I usually did, Eventually, I began to have hand shakes and once in a while my body feels out of sync .
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence3	I no have problems with anemia because I am always bleeding,Dr's have not suggested effexor as the culprit, but it is the only medicine I take and it will not go away.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence4	I just keep bleeding and Noone knows why.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence5	After attempting to wean off of this medicine it feels like you are going to die.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence6	It does give you flu like symptoms and they last so long.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence7	The worst part is that I began to gain a lot of weight once I went without medicine for two weeks.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence8	I am the biggest I have ever been.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence9	I will give the weaning another try, but with my job and kids I am scared to.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence10	I get so irritable and aggressive when I don't take it.
EffexorXR.Post11.Sentence11	I need to wait for the perfect timing, o
EffexorXR.Post12.Sentence1	vision problems , the more I took it there would be vibration in my eyes , confusion .
EffexorXR.Post12.Sentence2	DO NOT TAKE THIS CRAP IT HAS RUINED MY LIFE, CANNOT DRIVE .
EffexorXR.Post12.Sentence3	FEEL NUMB ALL THE TIME .
EffexorXR.Post12.Sentence4	I NOW TAKE NO MEDICATION EXCEPT FOR SLEEP.
EffexorXR.Post12.Sentence5	HAD A CAT SCAN AND NOTHING SHOWED UP.
EffexorXR.Post12.Sentence6	i USED TO FEEL WORRY , ANXIETY , DEPRESSION , NOW I FEEL NOTHING BUT ANGER TO THE SO CALLED PRO THAT PERSCRIBBED THIS
EffexorXR.Post13.Sentence1	tired , thirsty ,, wasnt helpful
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence1	Complete loss of sexual function , personality disorder , " brain freeze " (Google for more info); others too numerous to mention (and which I'm trying to forget!).
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence2	I began The Drug From The Lower Pits Of Hell on the advice of my female OB/GYN who pushed it as something to help me through menopause difficulties.
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence3	When I told her what it did to me, she insisted it could NOT be the drug, insultingly suggesting it was my imagination.
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence4	Of course my own research proved her theory patently untrue.
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence5	I fired her and went back to my previous (male) GP, telling him if he didn't get me off this vile stuff I would hurt myself or someone else.
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence6	Withdrawal was DANTE'S INFERNO!
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence7	I suffered a "shredding" of my personality; paranoia to the point of being unable to leave the house; panic attacks; sensory acuteness which made normal life impossible for both me and my poor husband.
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence8	This went on for 6 months!
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence9	Do NOT believe the MDs and pharm corp. hype and lies!
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence10	FLEE!
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence11	This stuff is responsible for untold suffering, God's grace alone got me through and back from the edge of suicide and total insanity.
EffexorXR.Post14.Sentence12	I am E-Free for over 2 years now and just getting my ful
EffexorXR.Post15.Sentence1	Horrible headaches, brain "swishes" or "zapping" when I was even a few hours late for a dose, constipation, horrible crying spells when going through withdrawal.
EffexorXR.Post15.Sentence2	Wanted to kill myself several times while on this drug, when I hadn't been suicidal before.
EffexorXR.Post15.Sentence3	This drug should really be banned by the FDA.
EffexorXR.Post15.Sentence4	HOW TO QUIT THIS DRUG: Buy an over-the-counter sinus headache medicine for the zaps, and take very high doses of Omega-3s, Also, attempt to take a low dose of a drug such as Zoloft if you are able.
EffexorXR.Post15.Sentence5	Going off the drug sucks, but these things made it a lot better.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence1	The side effects were insomnia , night sweats , dizziness , headaches , palpitations and lower right abdominal pain .
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence2	I am now trying to cut back and on top of all those symptoms I am very itchy , shaky and miserable .
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence3	I was prescribed 75 mg three in the morning and three at night for a total of 450 mg.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence4	Recently found out that is above the FDA recommended dosage.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence5	No wonder I suffered so many side effects.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence6	Have not slept the whole time I have been on the medication.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence7	I am trying to cut the dosage down so I can get off the medication.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence8	Make sure you are not prescibed more then you should be taking.
EffexorXR.Post16.Sentence9	I am suffering and should of not trusted the NP who prescribed the pills without first checking it out.
EffexorXR.Post17.Sentence1	Nightmares , Dizziness , Dry Mouth , Suicide thoughts , Hot flushes ,Addictive.
EffexorXR.Post17.Sentence2	I wish i never started taking them
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence1	weight gain , muscle weakness /soreness, anxiety .
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence2	I began the medication to help with my healing process.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence3	I am a cancer survivor.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence4	During the time, my children had both left for new careers and college, hence "empty nest syndrome".
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence5	Three years later, I wanted wean off the drug with the help of my neurologist.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence6	To define best per my daughter, it's like getting off crack coccaine!
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence7	I screamed at her when the microwave oven blasted the scrambled egg!
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence8	I don't do that.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence9	I would normally laugh.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence10	The same day, moments later, I had an anxiety attack.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence11	I literally was out of control.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence12	My daughter did not leave for work until my husband had returned home.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence13	She did not want to leave me alone for fear of me causing myself harm.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence14	I felt suicidal.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence15	I was shaking, I had tremors, my mind was confused, I had no logic to my scientific mind.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence16	This medication does more harm then good.
EffexorXR.Post18.Sentence17	DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION!
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence1	for the first few weeks it helped me feel better.
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence2	then I began to have problems sleeping and started crying easily for no reason .
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence3	I had a very hard time coming off the med.
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence4	I was only on it for about 5 months.
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence5	I wasn't hungry, but gained a lot of weight .
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence6	I know I wasn't as active on the drug as off of it.
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence7	I would never consider taking an antidepressant again.
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence8	It was a horrible experience.
EffexorXR.Post19.Sentence9	I was never warned about possible side effects of it either.
EffexorXR.Post20.Sentence1	wight gain, water retention , vivd dreams/ nightmares , crying , shaking , brain tremors or shocks, ( iseriously do not know how to adequtly describe it but it is debilitating), leg twitching , arm twitching , blurred vision , eye strain , think things hapened that really din not !, believe dreams to be true the next day, crying , memory loss , confusion , my husband has no compassion to my withdrawal symptoms.
EffexorXR.Post20.Sentence2	DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG EVER EVER EVER EVER.
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence1	Erectile disfunction , delayed orgasm , lack of libido .
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence2	Feel disconnected from my emotions , apathetic , no creativity or motivation, can't focus , Extremely tired , loss of appetite , slight twitching , agitated , slight abdominal pain .
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence3	I have never been on any other antidepressant, and my doctor immediately put me on this.
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence4	Let me tell you, _do your research first_.
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence5	I didn't know anything about this kind of drug and dove into taking it as prescribed without a second thought, and I regret it, even after 2 days I'm hating it.
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence6	The side effects alone make my previous bouts of depression seem pleasant.
EffexorXR.Post21.Sentence7	I'd rather have emotions.
EffexorXR.Post22.Sentence1	Weight gain , insomnia , heart pains , dizziness , suicidalness , zero sex drive , numbness .
EffexorXR.Post22.Sentence2	Worst drug i've ever had the misfortune to have prescribed to me.
EffexorXR.Post22.Sentence3	Have been on it for over 6 years now, and have been trying to come off it for the last 6 months, and even with cutting back very gradually on the dose for months, it has caused dreadful side effects, feeling dizzy and like i am going to vomit all the time, feel spaced out, feel absolutely dreadful.
EffexorXR.Post22.Sentence4	Have had absolutely no sex drive whatsoever, am completely dead from the waist down , feel like it has ruined my sex drive for life , as even now i have not had it for 5 days, i still feel nothing whatsoever.
EffexorXR.Post22.Sentence5	This is the worst drug ever, i'm sure i'd be better off if I'd taken cocaine or something, as it has completely ruined my life and made it worse than ever.
EffexorXR.Post22.Sentence6	Avoid at all costs, even if your quack might want to ruin your life with it.
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence1	Effexor was awesome for relieving my depression !
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence2	But then came the "Weaning Off" period!
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence3	OMG, Cold sweats, vomiting, dizziness, brain zaps (with noise).
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence4	Thank God I was pregnant or I may NEVER have forced myself through to the other side!
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence5	If a person knew how awful the withdrawal was, they would keep searching for other answers to their depression .
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence6	I love the suggestion where a person opened their capsuals & removed a certain number of "beads" every day.
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence7	I basically did the same thing on a day where I had a big commitment to my kids and knew I couldn't miss it.
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence8	I opened the capsual and removed most of the medication.
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence9	Put it back together & had relief from my symptoms in a few hours!
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence10	If this drug is still going to be prescribed, a more appropriate taper method needs to be developed!
EffexorXR.Post23.Sentence11	Shame on the medical community for putting people through this type of misery!
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence1	Took first dose late yesterday morning after a late breakfast.
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence2	It knocked me out within 30 min.
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence3	& I slept 2 hours .
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence4	After waking up, I had severe nausea & a bad headache , Off & on that evening I was "spacey" and moved very slow , but I knew what was going on, This morning, I did not hear my alarm go off for work , woke up 1 1/2 later, called boss, told her what was going on & was only late 30 min.
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence5	I am typing this slowly & I barely know what's going on .
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence6	My boss is checking on me.
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence7	This is one strange, bad drug.
EffexorXR.Post24.Sentence8	Needless to day, I won't take another one & I hope it wears off soon, o
EffexorXR.Post25.Sentence1	Grind teeth at night , strange dreams , tired , can not miss a single dose or I feel awful, withdrawn , moody , and have begun to see them in my stool .
EffexorXR.Post25.Sentence2	Side effects are way to extreme, E-mail me if you have experianced the same things.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence1	Increased suicidality and suicidal ideation.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence2	Increased memory of dreams (waking during REM cycle) and thus constant tiredness .
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence3	Change in personality .
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence4	increased irritability , increased agressiveness .
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence5	Withdrawing from this drug has been a nightmare.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence6	Forgetting one dose, and I was nautious and disoriented, with numb and tingly skin, brain shivers, crazed appetite (minimal to excessive).
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence7	When it was decided that the side effects were minimal compared to meclobemide (Arima) and sertraline (Zoloft) my dose was upped to 300mg at the highest.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence8	At no point did it do anything to stableise or elevate my mood.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence9	At no point was I warned that my personality would change and I would loose my social network .
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence10	At no point was I informed that it *was* addictive in humans, despite non-human testing showing otherwise.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence11	At no point would I have taken this drug if I had known that I would miss vital days of my final year at school, lose the respect of my employer, and loose my friends as a result of withdrawing from it after a very short period.
EffexorXR.Post26.Sentence12	I had never had difficulty withdrawing from other medications previously, and had never found myself addicted to anything, and was suprised to find such a chan
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence1	continued.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence2	Apparently there is a limit!
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence3	Guess I went on to long.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence4	I eventually weaned off by opening capsules and pouring about half out.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence5	and reassembling the capsule.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence6	It took me about two months to get to the point where I was taking about 10 granuals every three days.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence7	then I quit altogether.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence8	People are still having problems with this medication even after being off of it for 8 months or more, Please don't take this medication.
EffexorXR.Post27.Sentence9	Getting off this DRUG is a living hell.
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence1	under statement of the year SEXUAL PROBLEMS !
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence2	Had a massive marriage breakdown 3 years ago and my illness was untreated until.
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence3	I put a car in to a tree and the 2nd one in a telegraph pole.
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence4	2 months ago, started on EFFEXOR XR 75mg depression kept getting worse moved up to 150mg, more stable, dont cry any more.
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence5	If you are a male and dont care about SEX anymore, ever!, then use Effexor XR ,but for me, my libido has always been excellent, even when been depressed.
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence6	Until I used this male killing drug , just so you know, because no one really described it.
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence7	Bipolar depression anxiety 95% erection and 95% orgasm, Heavy drinking night, 75% having an erection and 75% orgasm, Illegal drugs, Speed 85% erection and 10% orgasm, Bipolar depression anxiety 95% erection and 95% orgasm, Effexor XR 65% erection 2% orgasm even when trying for 4 hours plus!
EffexorXR.Post28.Sentence8	Sorry i can't even guess the female libido hit's your taking because your mind and bodies, are way more sensitive
EffexorXR.Post29.Sentence1	I felt as if i am in hell, it was so scary that i 'd rather be depressed and anxious .
EffexorXR.Post29.Sentence2	I felt like as if i am watching my life from outside, unbearable pressure and headaches in the evening, non stop nausea , no appetite , hot flashes and shivering , clamsy hands , tingling on arms and legs, electric shocks , disorientated, loss of concious memory , nigtmares, fatigue , more depressed than ever, no sex drive ,i felt like a zombie in hell .
EffexorXR.Post29.Sentence3	When i quit could not eat for days,nausea feeling sick.
EffexorXR.Post29.Sentence4	Dont ever take it,it is not worth it, o
EffexorXR.Post30.Sentence1	Strange itchy rash on my skin -scared for life now.
EffexorXR.Post30.Sentence2	swelling of legs and ankles, eventually entire body, bloating , constipation , loss of "caring" .
EffexorXR.Post30.Sentence3	no sex drive , insane sweating , dizzyness , heart palpatations .
EffexorXR.Post30.Sentence4	These all occurred gradually as the dose was upp'd and when I complained to the dr's (three) they didnt know what to do and at first denied it was the effexor- eventually weaned me down- and all smptoms disappeared.
EffexorXR.Post30.Sentence5	Cost hundreds of dollars to find out this medicine was CRAP!
EffexorXR.Post31.Sentence1	Weight gain , increased appetite .
EffexorXR.Post31.Sentence2	This pill did absolutely NOTHING at all for me.
EffexorXR.Post31.Sentence3	I started on 75 mg then went up to 150 mg over a period of 6 months.
EffexorXR.Post31.Sentence4	I don't recommend this pill
EffexorXR.Post32.Sentence1	tremors , dizziness , headaches , anger , fits of rage , electrical shocks throughout whole body .
EffexorXR.Post32.Sentence2	DONT TAKE IT!
EffexorXR.Post32.Sentence3	it'll ruin your life,im only 19 and i've been on it for 4 years.
EffexorXR.Post32.Sentence4	im gradually coming off of it now and i never wanna hear about it again.
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence1	Horrible drug.
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence2	Then side effects made me feel like hell .
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence3	I wish I had never started taking it, Terrible fatigue , malaise , asthma , lump in lower intestinal wall , sinus problems , muscles bones and joints so sore I cry.
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence4	I feel like right side of my brain is numb, neck hurts horribly , and I'm short winded .
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence5	I pray I come out of this.
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence6	Hve been off of Effexor three and a half weeks.
EffexorXR.Post33.Sentence7	CARE ABOUT YOURSELF, DON'T TAKE IT!
EffexorXR.Post34.Sentence1	I was on a very low dose, so I'm not sure if the fatigue and brain fog was due to the drug or the depression that proceeded it, HOWEVER, I had experienced TERRIBLE withdrawal when coming off the drug. (These information are findings, just this )
EffexorXR.Post34.Sentence2	I was having painful, debilitating brain zaps, several per second, and though they gradually lessened, they lasted for months after I quit taking the drug.
EffexorXR.Post34.Sentence3	This drug really didn't help either of my problems at all.
EffexorXR.Post35.Sentence1	drowsiness , delirium , constipation , fatigue , weakness , listlessness , insomnia .
EffexorXR.Post35.Sentence2	withdrawal was awful.
EffexorXR.Post35.Sentence3	had brain shocks, psychotic symptoms (heard voices, hypergraphia) cataplexic episodes.
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence1	Suicidality increased dramatically in the first three weeks .
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence2	Then additional side effects of "erratic behaviour" Suicide was successful.
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence3	This drug should not be given to anyone without the doctor notifying family/friends of potential side effects.
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence4	Close monitoring of patient during initial phase of taking drug is vital.
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence5	Lives are lost on this drug.
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence6	Doctors should prescribe this drug with extreme caution.
EffexorXR.Post36.Sentence7	Successful suicides result .
EffexorXR.Post37.Sentence1	The withdrawls are devestating.
EffexorXR.Post37.Sentence2	I can't stop taking this drug!
EffexorXR.Post37.Sentence3	I wish I would have never started taking this horrible, horrible drug.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence1	BIG TIME BRAIN ZAPS , DRY MOUTH , WEIGHT GAIN , SUICIDE THOUGHTS , LEG AND ARM TINGLING , HAIR LOSS , CHEST PAINS , GAS , YOU NAME IT I FELT ALMOST ALL SIDE EFFECTS.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence2	TOLD DOCTOR I WANT OFF THIS.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence3	TOLD ME I NEEDED TO STAY ON BECAUSE MY BODY MUST NEED IT TO FEEL ALL THESE SYMPTONS.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence4	WELL NO WAY THIS IS THE DRUG FROM HELL.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence5	I AM WEENING MYSELF OFF NOW AND IT IS HELL I HAD TO QUIT MY JOB AND I HOPE TO GET THIS CRAP OUT OF MY SYSTEM, BEWARE!
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence6	HOPE I GET THROUGH IT WITHOUT COMMITTING SUICIDE.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence7	SHOULD BE OFF THE MARKET.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence8	I EVEN ASKED MY DOCTOR IF IT WAS ADDICTIVE AND HE SAID NO.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence9	WELL THATS A BIG FAT LIE!
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence10	AND PATIENTS SHOULD BE WARNED OF THE EFFECTS BEFORE GIVING IT TO THEM.
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence11	I NEVER WOULD HAVE TAKEN THIS .
EffexorXR.Post38.Sentence12	IT HAS RUINED MY LIFE, BEWARE!
EffexorXR.Post39.Sentence1	suicidal thoughts , constipation , dry mouth , lost of short term memory, etc.
EffexorXR.Post39.Sentence2	MUST BE BANNED!
EffexorXR.Post39.Sentence3	BETTER TAKE NATURAL MEDICATIONS
EffexorXR.Post40.Sentence1	It made me crazy .
EffexorXR.Post40.Sentence2	I felt weird on this medicine and wanted to die .
EffexorXR.Post40.Sentence3	I took an overdose of water pills just to see what would happen to me.
EffexorXR.Post40.Sentence4	The pills should be taken off the market, o
EffexorXR.Post41.Sentence1	Did not work at all.
EffexorXR.Post41.Sentence2	Caused psychotic episodes , and had horrible withdrawal symptoms.
EffexorXR.Post41.Sentence3	DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG!
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence1	sleeplessness , ' fuzzy thinking ', lack of concentration , lack of memory , unrational behvaviour , extreme anger /agitation, oh ya, sweats too .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence2	where do i start?
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence3	this has been a nightmare .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence4	i wish i had been smart enough to do research on effexor BEFORE i went on it .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence5	my mood swings were extreme , yelling , cursing , swearing .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence6	calling the people i love the most, the worst names i could .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence7	throwing things across the room in anger .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence8	not good at all .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence9	the med made me more anxious than before , agitation , sleeplessness .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence10	led to prescriptions for other meds .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence11	before i knew it, i was dependent on sleep meds, and was being prescribed tranquilizer type meds too .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence12	i suppose if i had not been on the effexor, i would have been clear-headed enough to know not to take anything else, but i couldn't form a coherent thought for the life of me .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence13	i was off work for the longest time , finally got back to work and tried to wean off the med , that's when it really hit the fan .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence14	in my 43 years previous, i had never had any trouble with violence or extreme anger .
EffexorXR.Post42.Sentence15	but i made up for it in the last year and half on this med
EffexorXR.Post43.Sentence1	Weight gain ( 20 pounds in 6 months )adverse sexual side effect, loopy when trying to come off of it, threw up many times a week within an hour of taking med.
EffexorXR.Post43.Sentence2	not good due to weight gain , when coming off of it you feel OUT OF IT- sometimes I am even scared to drive a car because I feel so off.
EffexorXR.Post43.Sentence3	I am now on Wellbutrin ( awesome ) but I am still on effexor and have decreased my dose which makes you feel outside of yourself.
EffexorXR.Post43.Sentence4	I did not take any of the effexor yesterday as I hope to just take Wellbutrin but I am even having trouble typing these comments because I did not have a dose of effexor in the past 24 hours.
EffexorXR.Post43.Sentence5	Not a good suggestion for depression.
EffexorXR.Post44.Sentence1	tired all the time , no sex drive , unable to reach orgasm , didn't care about a thing , And, if you think the side effects are hell, just wait until you try and go off it, OMG, the nightmares, the insane DIZZINESS, the brain "SHOCKS" .
EffexorXR.Post44.Sentence2	I wanted to die.
EffexorXR.Post44.Sentence3	Took me over a month to get rid of the withdrawal.
EffexorXR.Post44.Sentence4	I WOULD NEVER TAKE THIS EVIL DRUG AGAIN.
EffexorXR.Post44.Sentence5	The depression wasn't as bad as the drug !
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence1	the drug caused me to have no sex drive and no emotion s.
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence2	When I should have been crying, I had no desire .
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence3	The side effects of coming off this drug are hell.
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence4	Obviously I see this is a very addictive drug as far as withdrawl symptoms.
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence5	Even tapering the drug, I have had SEVERE dizzines and SEVERE nausea.
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence6	No one can prepare you the side effects when you decide to stop taking it.
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence7	The Effexor did work for my depression while taking Lamictal.
EffexorXR.Post45.Sentence8	I felt great, but needed to try another anti-depressent to help with my sex drive .
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence1	loss of sex drive and ablity,dont care about anything.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence2	i went from freaking out about every thing to couldn't care less .
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence3	i gained some weight but nothin to rave about.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence4	loss of friends and made my relationship with family hard .
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence5	THE WITH DRAWS OF THE MED IS SO INTENCE.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence6	I WANT TO ANY ONE TO PLEASE DO NO TAKE THIS VERY ADDICTING MED.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence7	I AM STILL TRYING KICK IT.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence8	I STARTED TO OPEN THE CAPSEL AND EMPTY OUT HALF.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence9	BUT OH MY GOD , THE HEAD ACHES .SENCEITIVITY TO LIGHT AND MOVEMENT.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence10	I MOVE TO FAST AND I WANT TO HUREL.
EffexorXR.Post46.Sentence11	PLEASE I MEAN PLEASE BEWARE OF THIS MED.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence1	While on the medication I would experience painful shocks through out my body when I would miss a dose even by an hour.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence2	These shocks radiated from my forehead, to my teeth, and then the rest of the way down my body .
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence3	They were so bad I would involuntarily turn my head .
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence4	My depression never got better while on this.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence5	I experienced weight gain and loss of sex drive .
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence6	When I finally went to the doctor and demanded to be taken off of Effexor she started to slowly decrease the dose.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence7	Even cutting the dose in half caused me to have SEVERE shocks all day long.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence8	When I went down to taking none the withdrawl effects were so bad.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence9	During the first week I could not be around my 4 year old son because of extreme anger!
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence10	For the first two weeks I could not drive and could barely leave my bed.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence11	I constantly felt like the room was spinning.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence12	After about six weeks the withdrawl effects decreased.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence13	I have been off of Effexor for about nine months and I still experience withdrawl effects atleast once a week.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence14	I swear these shock effects never go away!
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence15	I would never recommend this medication to anyone.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence16	It nearly ruined my life.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence17	Please use serious caution with this medication.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence18	Feel free to email me, I have been through it all with Effexor.
EffexorXR.Post47.Sentence19	(Also, I am now on Elavil and it has helped me more than anything my doctor's have ever tried.)
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence1	Only fatigue and sexual side effects while taking it, during withdrawal I have shortness of breath, dizziness, light headedness, brain zaps, bouts of nausia, sweating, very strange dreams, some nightmares, mood swings, and lots of drowsiness.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence2	I know this drug has helped some people, but I only hope you know about the withdrawal before you go on it.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence3	I trusted my doctor of 13 years and just started taking it on her recommendation.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence4	I was only mildly depressed and had I known then what I know now about the withdrawals I never would have taken this.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence5	I have missed so much work because I can't even drive most days, let alone function in an office.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence6	I went from 75mg to 37.5 mg for a week, then 37.5mg every other day for 2 weeks .
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence7	what a roller coaster that was .
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence8	good day, bad day, good day, etc.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence9	I have been completely off for 3 days and have had NO improvement in my withdrawal symptoms.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence10	I am so miserable at this stage that I'm worse off than when I started taking this by far.
EffexorXR.Post48.Sentence11	I wish you all the best.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence1	WORST WITHDRAWAL EVER.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence2	I've been on anti-depressants for at least 5years, and I've tried multiple ones but by far effexor was the worst.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence3	Yea it helped during the time I took it.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence4	But if I missed a dose I got those "brain zaps", and I just felt in a fog not myself at all.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence5	But when I came off it was the WORST experience I felt like I was in withdrawal from a hardcore drug.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence6	Brain zaps constantly, the shakes, sweating, nightmares, anxiety, muscle spasms, and crying spells, Don't take effexor its not worth the risk of a horrible withdrawal.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence7	It has a half life of 5hours, that's why you feel so crummy after missing one dose.
EffexorXR.Post49.Sentence8	awful awful medication.
EffexorXR.Post50.Sentence1	Suicidal thoughts and attempts, Dreadful withdrawal-nearly ruined my life and continues to be a huge problem.
EffexorXR.Post50.Sentence2	I cannot get off this drug but i cannot stay on it either, Pure poison!
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence1	extreme fatigue , lack of motivation , wanting to sleep / rest all the time , sweating , hot flashes , weight gain , headaches , short term memory lapses electric shock/brain zap feelings with even 1 missed dose.
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence2	If I could go back, there's no way I'd let a doctor push me into taking this drug.
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence3	I took zoloft for years with no problems.
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence4	Then after two stillbirths, I let my doctor push me into switching to effexor.
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence5	The side effects have been terrible.
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence6	Trying to wean off is even worse-the withdrawls are brutal.
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence7	I have insisted on stopping the effexor, and now the doctor is pushing pristiq (the "new and improved" effexor).
EffexorXR.Post51.Sentence8	I have declined and will be trying the zoloft again.
EffexorXR.Post52.Sentence1	severe constipation , weight gain , nightmares , hypothyroidism , and another.
EffexorXR.Post52.Sentence2	I continued to take effexor until I found the information about the
EffexorXR.Post53.Sentence1	Coming off this drug after 10 yrs is HELL!
EffexorXR.Post53.Sentence2	Doctors dont warn you about this when throwing you on it, My advice, dont do it!
EffexorXR.Post53.Sentence3	It's simply a cover up your feelings drug,seriously, don't take it!
EffexorXR.Post53.Sentence4	Crying , brain zaps , nausea , vomiting , serious mood swings,ect.
EffexorXR.Post53.Sentence5	no sex drive , weight gain , o
EffexorXR.Post54.Sentence1	anxiety , o
EffexorXR.Post55.Sentence1	Felt like on an LSD badtrip, but way worse.
EffexorXR.Post55.Sentence2	Made me even more suicidal .
EffexorXR.Post55.Sentence3	Its can be a very dangerous drug for those who have an intolerance to it.
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence1	Inability to gain an erection without significant physical stimulation from partner; even then, orgasm was infrequent.
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence2	I began to get twitches that felt like bodily electricity , which was not only startling and uncomfortable, but also led to me developing an incapacitating social anxiety that used to be only nominal, and i still retain a modified form of the latter two side effects to this day (it's been a year and a half).
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence3	I firmly believe that it should not be approved for medical use unless some method of effective test is made to make sure that it won't worsen your state while you're on it, but even more importantly, after you get off of it.
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence4	I had to begin taking a different prescription (Lamictal) to counteract the side effects that it gave me for a couple months longer than I was on Effexor XR, and now they are TOLERABLE, but I still feel a social anxiety unlike anything I'd ever experience before.
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence5	When I get nervous (which is often) my body will literally move in coordination with other people's bodies.
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence6	I used to describe it as if vague, kind of abstracted strings were pulling me and everyone else around me in accordance with eachother .
EffexorXR.Post56.Sentence7	When I told my doctor that he most likely misunderstoof and thought I was exhibiting schizophreniform symptoms, when in reality, I didn't believe in any of it, it was merely the only way I could describe the sensation.
EffexorXR.Post57.Sentence1	I was a ZOMBIE !
EffexorXR.Post57.Sentence2	Looked like I could have been in "Night of the Living Dead", Never, never, never again.
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence1	Started off feeling great, a few months later- terrible!
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence2	Totally numb , couldn't summon any feelings , even toward my partner.
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence3	Put on a huge amount of weight , Constantly constipated , Not motivation .
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence4	Exhaustion that was so bad I couldn't get out of bed .
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence5	Panic attacks came back.
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence6	Am now tapering off and it's hell.
EffexorXR.Post58.Sentence7	Wish I never started, o
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence1	Horrible insomnia , shakes , the " brain shivers " many talk about, and I couldn't sit still .
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence2	I lost over 50 lbs in the last 6 months just from lack of eating or throwing up what I did eat.
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence3	The doctor knew I was on Steroid inhalers and a smoker when not pregnant, but did nothing when my blood pressure skyrocketed but double my dose.
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence4	I had to stop working because I work in Tech/IT and I couldn't stare at a computer screen or focus my eyes without becoming violently nauseous , Horrible vertigo .
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence5	I felt like I was always in a bad hash high and scarily disconnected from my body .
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence6	I started S/I again for the first time in years while on Effexor.
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence7	It all finally came to a hilt after not taking 2 doses under doctors orders New Years Eve because I knew I would be drinking.
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence8	Full blown hallucinations .
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence9	slipped into a dissociative episode and called the cops on my husband thinking he was a boyfriend who died almost 10 years ago and trying to kill me.
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence10	When I told the doctor about the episode,.
EffexorXR.Post59.Sentence11	The doctor put me on Effexor after miscarrying in my 5th month of pregnancy, but did not prescribe any kind of Grief Therapy.
EffexorXR.Post60.Sentence1	always tired but cannot sleep at night , i wake up every hour .
EffexorXR.Post60.Sentence2	have to take sleeping pills with it.
EffexorXR.Post60.Sentence3	no desire to have sex , cannot orgasim, currently hurts to have sex .
EffexorXR.Post60.Sentence4	nausea in the morning , hot all the time all day long , long very detailed dream s like watching a movie, shortness of breath , fatigue , some night sweats , not feeling happy or sad , just dont care , at first was in a good mood no irritability but currently having mood swings , o
EffexorXR.Post61.Sentence1	Please do not take this drug, I started taking it for depression and after just 5 days my hair has fallen out at the front I now have a huge bald patch .
EffexorXR.Post61.Sentence2	It should be banned.
EffexorXR.Post61.Sentence3	One of the side effects is Alopecia .
EffexorXR.Post61.Sentence4	I have thick long dark hair and am devastated, Horrible drug.
EffexorXR.Post61.Sentence5	I have since read a lot and found many people experiencing hair loss, some now are having to wear hair pieces or wigs.
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence1	Hypertension .
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence2	Extreme anxiety attacks lasting for 3 full days and nights .
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence3	after only 3 x 75mg tablets of effexor xr.
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence4	I have been on Avanza (60mg) for about 18 months, and the doctor recently recommended adding 75mg of Efexor in the morning, and reducing the Avanza to 30mg at night, First day (Wednesday) was fine, second day (Thursday) i started getting anxiety attacks every couple of hours, leading up to around lunchtime when i found myself to be extremely agitated and in a permanent state of anxiety , the likes of which i have never experienced before .
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence5	shakes , very panicky , extremely agitated and nervous , etc.
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence6	Friday i was in two minds about taking the pill, but did it anyway, and the anxiety just didn't stop .
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence7	I have not taken the effexor since Friday morning, it is now Monday and i am JUST starting to lose the anxiousness , not to mention the feeling of total exhaustion and loss of sleep .
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence8	It was that bad that i basically have hidden all weekend, didn't answer the phone and was very apprehensive about even going downstairs to do the washing.
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence9	At least i finally managed to get some sleep last night, with the help of 2 stillnox tablets.
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence10	For me this drug has been shit and i will never take it again.
EffexorXR.Post62.Sentence11	The side effects are easily found on the net, so if you are a first timer, be wary of the side effects.
EffexorXR.Post63.Sentence1	Gained 50 pounds when I have never been overweight in my life.
EffexorXR.Post63.Sentence2	Also had no sexual desire .
EffexorXR.Post63.Sentence3	After I quit, I have started losing weight and I have gone into a sexual frenzy!
EffexorXR.Post64.Sentence1	felt like i was inside screaming and nobody could hear me, teeth grinding , sweating like mad , hot hot hot , weight gain , headaches and general feeling of tiredness .
EffexorXR.Post64.Sentence2	At first it was ok, and then once i got on the 75 mg a day, it really changed, nausea feeling , hadache, no sex drive .
EffexorXR.Post64.Sentence3	i felt as if i needed to be doing something all of the time .
EffexorXR.Post64.Sentence4	i lowered my own dose to everyother day and on those days i take it i can physically see the difference, my husband says i look worried, great!
EffexorXR.Post64.Sentence5	i am type A personality and am in the public eye alot, but since on this i do not want to go out anywhere and i surely don't want to do my job, so i must get off of this and try something else.
EffexorXR.Post65.Sentence1	weight gain , dry mouth , decreased libido .
EffexorXR.Post65.Sentence2	Withdrawal is unbearable.
EffexorXR.Post65.Sentence3	Glutathione may help to get off from this drug.
EffexorXR.Post65.Sentence4	You can get sublingual tablets at a health food store, Also, to minimize withdrawal symptoms, you may ask your doctor to switch you to Prozac.
EffexorXR.Post65.Sentence5	Hope this helps, and do some research before taking any drug!
EffexorXR.Post65.Sentence6	Good luck to everyone!
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence1	Throat ulcers, ear ache, jittery, nervous, migrane when I missed a dose, dangerous interaction with Incocid suppository (for pain from tear in disc) blood in stool, vaginal bleeding.
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence2	Felt flat and no interest in life , Didn't make me any happier or less anxious .
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence3	Side effects were awful - antibiotics for ulcers and ear ache , stomach cramps , period screwed up .
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence4	Am weaning off, and is going well.
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence5	Took a 37.5 pill apart, removed 1/4 beads.
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence6	Bad head ache next day, but after that OK. After 4 more days on 3/4 dose, took 1/2 beads out and had no side effects.
EffexorXR.Post66.Sentence7	Will drop to 3/4 beads out in another 4 days, then stop.
EffexorXR.Post67.Sentence1	intense increase in anxiety and agitation .
EffexorXR.Post67.Sentence2	seems that effexor caused an episode of hypomania with extreme anxiety resulting in increased depression ; not a good mix for my condition; regime includes lithium (1500mg); lamictal (300mg); buspar (50mg); abilify (15mg)
EffexorXR.Post68.Sentence1	increased sleepiness , intense weight gain .
EffexorXR.Post68.Sentence2	it helped with my depression and some with my anxiety , but i gained 35 lbs !
EffexorXR.Post68.Sentence3	never felt satisfied after eating .
EffexorXR.Post68.Sentence4	i have a history of eating disoders , so this did NOT help with that.
EffexorXR.Post68.Sentence5	Recently switched to Wellbutrin XL.
EffexorXR.Post69.Sentence1	BAD sweating !
EffexorXR.Post69.Sentence2	weight loss at the very beginning .
EffexorXR.Post69.Sentence3	if i missed more than two doses in a row i'd be a total mess, 300mg daily.
EffexorXR.Post69.Sentence4	mostly i felt okay, but i wasn't comfortable taking such a high dosage and not seeing big results.
EffexorXR.Post70.Sentence1	Very tired and nervous, And Diarrhea .
EffexorXR.Post71.Sentence1	I have taken effexor Xr 450mgs for over 7 years.
EffexorXR.Post71.Sentence2	I am currently going thru severe withdraw symptoms which I was never ever informed about.
EffexorXR.Post71.Sentence3	I would really caution anyone who wants to begin any drug for depression without first finding out all the facts of this medicine.
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence1	trouble sleeping -still depressed .
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence2	This drug didn't help at all.
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence3	I kept telling my doc that I wasn't feeling a difference but she just kept prescibing it.
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence4	She always had plenty of samples to give out.
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence5	I felt like she was "bought" by the drug reps that kept giving her the samples and she was prescibing it for her benefit not mine.
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence6	The withdrawals were not pretty.
EffexorXR.Post72.Sentence7	Would never ever ever take this again and I found a new doc, Don't be afraid to test the system and tell your doc no, that things aren't working and they aren't listening.
EffexorXR.Post73.Sentence1	Lethargy , low libido , dont want to do anything.
EffexorXR.Post73.Sentence2	I am very healthy and physically fit, Just started-only 2 37,5 mg. doses into it.
EffexorXR.Post73.Sentence3	Im going back to the Welbutrin which worked perfectly at 75mg a day, really gave me a lift and very little reduction in libido at that dose, which every doctor told me was ineffective, Rediculous-75mg (I break a 100 mg into 4 pieces) a day got me out of the house and energy, confidence.
EffexorXR.Post73.Sentence4	My doctor kept pushing me to try Effexor, but after reading all the terrible stories here Im quitting now.
EffexorXR.Post73.Sentence5	The positive reports here sound like they were written by drug reps. Im going back to Welbutrin, but dont let Dr. s tell you you have to take 300mg a day-that's crazy!
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence1	Overall stoned feeling , tingly sensation s, confused , could not stop crying , dizzy and disoriented .
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence2	I would never try another anti-depressant again in my life.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence3	These drugs really change a person, from their mood, to their personality.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence4	They alter your thinking , and basically just mask the problem .
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence5	I have tried many different drugs, Effexor being the most recent.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence6	I tried it for 7 weeks, and basically had no benefits over that time.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence7	Every time I mentioned this to the doctors their only advice was to up the dose.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence8	I was near 300 mg a day, and made the decision about a week ago to discontinue this drug, it was not worth all the side effects.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence9	I would rather feel myself, and have anxiety than to feel like a zombie .
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence10	So now I begin the fun ride of withdrawal.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence11	So far its been one week, and I have been cutting down the doses accordingly, and I am having terrible dreams, am really dizzy and wake up sweating in bed.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence12	I just can't wait for this drug to be out of my system so I can feel like myself again.
EffexorXR.Post74.Sentence13	Apparently Effexor has the highest percentage of withdrawal effects, higher than Paxil, the effe
EffexorXR.Post75.Sentence1	My first language is not english so bear with my spell.
EffexorXR.Post75.Sentence2	When I whent fron efexor xr 75 to 150 inmeditely i start feeling very warm in the stomag and sleppless in about three weeks after I en up in the emmergency room with 57 of hemoglobin concentration out of 135 they have to give me 4 bags of blood and I stayed there for three days, during those days I did not take the efexor but on the fourth day when I came out of the hospital I was feeling very dizzy so I took the efexor again with food in the morning and later I eat two kiwis and I felt so much pain in the ulcer caused by efexor that I had to drink a lot of milk to calm down the horrible pain .
EffexorXR.Post75.Sentence3	Today I have'nt take it and I eat somethin spicy and greasy and my stomag just blouwed but no pain.
EffexorXR.Post75.Sentence4	I have never had stomacal problems prior to efexor until now so I am goin to stop taking it but taping it down I let you know how I recover from my ulcer and the other side effects.
EffexorXR.Post75.Sentence5	Sleepiness Dizziness Constipation Raised blood pressure Fatigue
EffexorXR.Post76.Sentence1	Over the course of months I gained 20 pounds , tried to get off the meds 3 times had had such awful side effects, electric shocks through body, blurred vision, major headaches.
EffexorXR.Post76.Sentence2	Discountinuation of this drug is like going on a detox, it was horrible.
EffexorXR.Post76.Sentence3	Finally off of it for 2 weeks now and starting to feel more like myself
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence1	When I first started taking it.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence2	I confused the awful side effects for feeling more depressed & more anxious, so my doctor upped my dose.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence3	I was taking 300mg/day for about a year.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence4	Then I just couldn't handle the headaches it caused, so my doctor lowered my dose gradually over the last two years or so.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence5	Since taking Effexor, my life has been miserable, Can't sleep when I want to, can't stay awake when I want to, lethargic , dizzy , blurred vision , extreme fatigue , extreme increase in appetite .
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence6	If I go more than two hours past my dose.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence7	I can't even see straight!
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence8	My lips become numb.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence9	It's horrifying!
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence10	I hate Effexor XR.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence11	The only good thing that's happened from taking it is now I realize my anxiety & depression are not as insurmountable as I thought - being on Effexor IS!
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence12	I am down to 37,5mg/day and hope to be completely off in about a month.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence13	ONE WEEK since I decided to go off Effexor and I realize what it has done to my life!
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence14	I see the light at the end of the tunnel so to speak, Don't take it - it's very nasty and you will regret it.
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence15	Go for a run at the park - it feels great!
EffexorXR.Post77.Sentence16	You can't do that after being on Effexor a while, it makes you fat , exhausted & feel hopeless !
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence1	Drowsy throughout the day , sleeping for a long time , weird dreams , heart palpitations , minor muscle spasms , lower libido , skipped periods often , heavy periods when I did get them, migraines , feeling slightly more aggressive , lowered mental capacity .
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence2	It at least did something, but the amount of side effects speaks for itself.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence3	It helped anxiety slightly, but made my depression worse in my eyes.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence4	Despite the slight amount of energy I had.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence5	I felt even less motivation to direct it towards anything productive.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence6	My inability to think correctly lead me to get frustrated when I tried to get work done, and also lead me to being more rash with decision making .
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence7	Sleeping more did not affect my sleep schedule.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence8	In other words; I was up for less hours at a time .
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence9	Weird dreams is honestly the only good thing about this drug for me.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence10	The amount of side effects sure made life even less fun than it already was.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence11	Quitting this drug was horrible.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence12	Constantly felt like I was about to faint, felt like my brain was being zapped with an electrical discharge.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence13	These were strong feelings, even though I was gradually reducing the amount.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence14	I heard taking an SSRI while weaning off helped, since withdrawal from SSRIs is not nearly as bad, but I didn't have that since it was my decision to quit.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence15	This is surprisingly strong stuff.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence16	My brain chemistry still feels different, and I wonder if I'll ever fully recover from this.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence17	This was my second in line for antidepressants, and if your doctor recommends this so soon, reject it.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence18	Try something else before you risk taking this.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence19	Getting someone addicted to this so they have to keep buying it is dangerous.
EffexorXR.Post78.Sentence20	It does actually affect your behaviour though, so it may be worth trying if everything else won't work.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence1	Low sex drive/ cloudy head / unable to lose weight .
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence2	I have been completely off of Effexor for about 2 weeks now.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence3	It has been a nightmare.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence4	I would like to say to people that are thinking about taking this med. to really look at the side effects of withdrawal.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence5	for some it is different.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence6	but it has been a nightmare for me.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence7	this drug didnt really work that well for me to come off this hard.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence8	it feels like someone else is in your body.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence9	feels like you have the flu x 100 constantly for 2 weeks now I cant work, cant go to school, can't function.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence10	I have tried to take vitamins omega 3 6 and 9) nothing is working to make me feel better you honestly feel like a walking zombie.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence11	omega 3 6 and 9) nothing is working to make me feel better you honestly feel like a walking zombie.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence12	My hair has been falling out, my under eyes are so black from being so weak.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence13	my body feels like jello.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence14	I will never ever recommend this drug to anyone.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence15	let alone take effexor again.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence16	knowing what i know now.
EffexorXR.Post79.Sentence17	i would have never ever put this into my body.
EffexorXR.Post80.Sentence1	Increased fatigue , insomnia accompanied by increased nighttime anxiety , brain zaps , crying spells .
EffexorXR.Post80.Sentence2	I am going to stick it out and hope that it starts to work soon.
EffexorXR.Post80.Sentence3	The side effects have been manageable compared to lexapro and celexa.
EffexorXR.Post81.Sentence1	Strange side effects trying to get off Effexor: heart pounding, dizzyness, sleep disturbance.
EffexorXR.Post81.Sentence2	Has anyone had a similar experience, My doc doesn't seem to know what is going on.
EffexorXR.Post82.Sentence1	sexual , no effect on anxiety, still moods swing, still irritable .
EffexorXR.Post83.Sentence1	cant sleep , sweating , feel sick and dizzy , feel like im zoning out all the time inbetween feeling sick and dizzy of course.
EffexorXR.Post83.Sentence2	i think im going to quit and just do it the old fasion way, plus i dont want all those withdrawls im reading about.
EffexorXR.Post85.Sentence1	nausea at first and clenching teeth ,if i am a couple of hours late taking a dose i feel terrible ,sick,faint,shakey,really awful.
cymbalta.Post2.Sentence1	extreme nausea , migraines , lethargy , loss of libido , flu-like symptoms .
cymbalta.Post2.Sentence2	I'm going to go cold turkey today.
cymbalta.Post2.Sentence3	I hate this drug.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence1	Dizzy , nauseous , sweating , anxiety , uneasiness , restlessness , shivers ,.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence2	Over the last 14 years I have taken many antidepressants and have never experienced anything like this.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence3	I was give a doctors sample for 60mg which was probably too high to start out as most seem to start with 30mg.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence4	I took it this morning at 8am and by 10 I was feeling off , by 1pm I had to go home.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence5	I could not explain the experience I was having to my wife.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence6	Finally at 3pm I realized that this was the closest I've felt to doing LSD (yes I do know).
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence7	Unfortunately, all the similar symptoms were the bad ones.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence8	It is now 12 hours later and it still feels like LSD but I'm getting more flu like symptoms now.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence9	Seriously, I was hesitant to take this drug when I was reading some articles last night but I decided to do it anyways.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence10	I found this page just now and after reading many comments I had to post my own.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence11	Nothing that makes me feel like this could end up doing me any good.
cymbalta.Post3.Sentence12	I do not envy those who want to come off this drug but are afraid to.
cymbalta.Post4.Sentence1	Severe stomach cramps , upset stomach , dizziness , spacey .
cymbalta.Post4.Sentence2	It's been horrible!
cymbalta.Post4.Sentence3	I have tried a lot of different depression meds, am taking Lortab for pain 2xs a day.
cymbalta.Post4.Sentence4	I really hoped this would work so I could get off narcotics for pain but I would rather take the Lortab than this garbage.
cymbalta.Post4.Sentence5	This med should never have been approved by FDA.
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence1	blurred vision , sweating , shaking , nausea , vomiting , brief paralysis , tingling in extremities , fainting , heart palpitations , insomnia , severe abdominal pain , auditory/ visual hallucinations , dizziness .
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence2	I was prescribed Cymbalta as a possible alternative to Klonopin, which I have taken for over ten years.
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence3	I took my first and ONLY dose of Cymbalta (60 mg) at 8:00 AM yesterday after breakfast.
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence4	Almost immediately I started to sweat , began to feel very ill , and proceeded to throw up all morning and into the early afternoon .
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence5	I could barely move or get out of bed.
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence6	At one point I was certain that I was having heart failure, because my entire body seized up and I could not move or speak.
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence7	It took me a day and a half to finally sleep , and I couldn't eat or drink anything until around 9:00 this evening (juice and some crackers).
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence8	I still feel dizzy and nauseated, and my hands and feet are tingling .
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence9	The only reason I'm sitting up at all is so I can warn others NOT to use Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence10	This stuff is like rat poison!
cymbalta.Post5.Sentence11	AVOID IT AT ANY COST!
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence1	When I first started taking cymbalta I would wake up drenched at night from sweating .
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence2	I felt like I was in a fog the whole time I was on this medicine.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence3	I was at 60mg and then dropped to 30mg for 2 weeks then stopped taking it.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence4	The withdrawl from cymbalta only took about a week for the dizziness to stop.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence5	I am still having brain zaps here and there, and my anxiety has returned.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence6	I would rather live like this though than be in a fog .
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence7	It has only been two weeks since I stopped taking the med.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence8	If you do not feel like this drug is working, or any other AD please tell your Dr.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence9	I was on this drug a little over a year and in that time I continued to get worse contemplating suicide more than once.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence10	I had taken other AD's prior to taking cymbalta, but never experience the awful thoughts and feelings like I did with cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence11	I now know why there is a black box warning on these meds.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence12	Cymbalta changed my whole thought process , I felt like I was in some sort of hell and couldn't escape .
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence13	Now that I am no longer on this med.
cymbalta.Post6.Sentence14	it is like day and night, I finally feel good again.
cymbalta.Post7.Sentence1	Some pretty odd things began happening.
cymbalta.Post7.Sentence2	Very sleepy , unable to concentrate , no motivation , apathetic , sexual problems .
cymbalta.Post7.Sentence3	60mg/daily.
cymbalta.Post7.Sentence4	I would not take this again.
cymbalta.Post7.Sentence5	Very difficult to come off.
cymbalta.Post7.Sentence6	Follow your doctor's instructions for reducing and hope for the best on this one.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence1	EXTREME lower leg & foot swelling , EXTREMELY itchy red rash lower extremities , profuse sweating , zombie state - extreme sleepiness shortly after taking and without any warning, lower extremity cramping , mouth sores , extreme weight gain , NO libedo what so ever, very bad memory .
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence2	For the past 9 months I have been on Prednisone to keep the swelling and itching at bay.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence3	After seeing every type of doctor AND having every type of blood test/urine test/a fat biopsy about the swelling and itching rash on the inside of my knees and what started on the inside of my ankles.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence4	I have FINALLY figured out that I am having an extreme allergic reaction to Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence5	It also landed me into the ER as my upper lip swelled up after a nap one day.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence6	I was then put on Prednisone 20 mg a day to subdue the swelling and rash/itching.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence7	After putting on even a lot more weight because of the combination of the Cymbalta AND Prednisone, I have plans for stomach surgery within the next 2 months.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence8	I started investigating/researching Cymbalta and I noticed a common denominator.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence9	EVERY site I went to mentioned as a "Severe reaction to Cymbalta" ALL of my symptoms.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence10	I had an appt today with my doctor that prescribed the Cymbalta and I tried multiple times to advise him of all of the websites I checked, EVEN THE FDA.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence11	GOV, they all said the same symptoms.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence12	HE ACTUALLY TOLD ME THAT I WAS NOT ALLERGIC TO THE ACTUAL MEDICINE, IT WAS THE DYE IN THE CAPSULES I WAS ALLERGIC TO!
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence13	After going through the entire endocrine system, ie: do you have diabetes, etc He decided to change me back to Pristiq.
cymbalta.Post8.Sentence14	i quit taking the Cymbalta 3 days ago and I was able to titer myself off the Prednisone and my rash,itching and swelling is so much worse than ever!
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence1	Sweating , dry mouth , anxiety , brain zaps , severe brain pain, (different from headaches) dizziness , foggy , anger , no sex drive .
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence2	AT ALL, nausea , weight gain , throat pain and exhaustion .
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence3	The side effects from coming off of this drug are much worse than the side effects of being on this med.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence4	ALL of the aforementioned side effects plus I feel like I have the flu.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence5	I have not been able to work, take care of my husband or daughter, take care of my house or even make meals on a consistent basis for the past 5 weeks while I am trying to get off of this med.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence6	I cannot think, spell, or follow through on simple tasks.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence7	The first week, I went from 60mg to 30mg - I almost divorced my husband of 8 years.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence8	The second week, I almost killed myself.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence9	the 4th week I went from 30mg daily to 30mg every other day.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence10	I am currently in week 5 of my detoxing and it has not gotten better.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence11	I cannot go shopping, people in the store are "too close to me" and I become very fight or flight.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence12	I should have been in the hospital at least twice.
cymbalta.Post9.Sentence13	Thank God my husband loves me and is willing to supervise and take care of me.
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence1	Was on Prozac 20mg and it was making me more depressed .
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence2	So my Dr switched me to 60 mg of Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence3	Took my first pill at night went to sleep not thinking about it at all because I knew it could take weeks before it started working.
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence4	About 1 a. m I jolted up out of bed .
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence5	My heart was racing I was cold and hot at the same time .
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence6	Couldn't catch my breath .
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence7	Was very scary felt disoriented .
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence8	Came to hospital and they gave me something to reverse it.
cymbalta.Post10.Sentence9	The Dr at hospital said that was a very common effect with Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence1	WEIGHT GAIN , Abdominal cramping (GI symptoms), FATIGUE , headaches , diarrhea then constipation , water retention .
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence2	I work in the medical field and truly wish I would have done more research instead of just trying the newest drug that hit the market.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence3	My dr recommended Cymbalta and said that he's heard great things from his patients that have been on this med.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence4	I even looked it up in the Physicians Desk Reference (PDR) before agreeing to take it.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence5	Everything seemed to be positive.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence6	NO WAY!
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence7	I have since been to a Nature Path, Gastrointerologist, Allergist and Immunologist, as well as the Gynocologist that I work for, to try to figure out what has been causing my abd pain and excessive weight gain (40+ lbs).
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence8	Not one of them mentioned that it may be the Cybalta because the PDR states "weight loss".
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence9	Total crap.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence10	I've been on this for 2 yrs and am in the process of coming off- enduring the same 'brain zaps' and moodiness everyone else mentions.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence11	Take my advise.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence12	don't start this med!
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence13	I have no idea when I'll get back to 'normal'.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence14	My weight at 140 lbs made me sad.
cymbalta.Post11.Sentence15	but now I'm really depressed at
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence1	In the beginning, extreme nausea , digestive upsets.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence2	got better but never went away completely.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence3	Horrid hot flashes and sweating at night .
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence4	I have tried almost every antidepressant and this is BY FAR the worst.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence5	My mood improved but I became "flat" and became a recluse .
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence6	My legs became restless and felt tight however the drugs worked well for pain for the most past.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence7	Going off this drug was horrible.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence8	I took prozac instead of the cymbalta and that helped alot.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence9	The nausea resumed however for nearly a week.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence10	The medicine is very pricy and prozac is $5 generic.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence11	I had been on prozac 15 years with mild side effects.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence12	I will stick with that.
cymbalta.Post12.Sentence13	Check out the other options before you chose cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post13.Sentence1	nonstop headache , constipation , racing thoughts , insomnia , annoying muscle twitches at night , and an all-around lack of well being .
cymbalta.Post13.Sentence2	Bad Drug!
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence1	Cymbalta only work for short period of time (months).
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence2	After nearly a year, I started to feel very very weak and easily tired .
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence3	My doctor and I decided to stop taking it.
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence4	The withdrawal side effects especially brain flashes or brain zap was VERY PAINFUL even though I tapered off the medication .
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence5	I would NOT recommend taking this medication.
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence6	The withdrawal side effects is worse than the starting side effects.
cymbalta.Post14.Sentence7	I felt like a drug addict that could not function without the medication.
cymbalta.Post15.Sentence1	Bad Drug!
cymbalta.Post16.Sentence1	Difficulty Urinating ; Very Tired and Listless All Day After Taking Dose; Nausea ; No Taste For Food ; General Apathy .
cymbalta.Post16.Sentence2	I was on this pill at 30mg a day for 7 days before the Dr. told me to take 60mg a day.
cymbalta.Post16.Sentence3	I could hardly eat , and just sat on the couch everyday staring at the tv.
cymbalta.Post16.Sentence4	It made my anxiety worse and I was quicker to anger than usual .
cymbalta.Post16.Sentence5	I found that I just did not care about anyone or anything anymore .
cymbalta.Post16.Sentence6	I would not reccommend this drug to anyone with anxiety issues, as it was not a very big help.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence1	Typical side-effects as body/brain adjusted but my issues are associated with discontinuing this medication.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence2	Horrible withdrawal !
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence3	My Dr. didn't address the issue when he prescribed this medicine and when I told him I didn't want to take it any longer, he said only, "skip a day in between doses for a couple of weeks" to discontinue.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence4	I skipped 1 day and got so sick, I was constantly nauseated, gagging, and threw up for three days which caused me to loose the capsule (in the toilet) on the days I was suppose to take it.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence5	I have very significant issues with thermo-regulation which leads to a feeling of burning, followed by profuse sweating.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence6	I have brain zaps that feel like electrical shocks and result in jerking and spasms.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence7	The overwhelming fatigue is almost as bad as the vomiting.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence8	I have been dizzy and now as I progress into withdrawal, I am becoming more agitated, negative and morose.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence9	I decided to quit trying to "skip a day" and now open the capsule and divide the beads in half, assuming that I am reducing my dose to 15 MG/day.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence10	This is nasty-nasty stuff and I would not recommend it to anyone.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence11	I am so thankful that I decided to dis-continue now rather than waiting until I had been on it for over a year or taking a higher dose.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence12	Hopefully, I will pull through this in another couple of weeks.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence13	but never-never again.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence14	I do not understand how something this bad can be acceptable but many pain medications are not.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence15	Lilly knew, failed to disclose, and lied about the number of patients reporting adverse effects upon stopping.
cymbalta.Post17.Sentence16	they now, place the blame on Dr(s), saying
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence1	Insomnia , dizzy , anxiety , dry mouth , muscle aches , lack of concentraction , memory loss , whole body is numb .
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence2	I have been on pazil for 7 yrs.
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence3	Worked very well with minimal side effects but felt my anxiety was starting to get worse .
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence4	I am tapering off pazil.
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence5	Second week added 30 mg of cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence6	Third week added 60 mg of cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence7	Every one reacts different to medication but the side effects are so bad that I am going to call dr. To stop taking it.
cymbalta.Post18.Sentence8	Good luck if u decide to take cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post19.Sentence1	Uncontrolable crying , dark thoughts , exploded at anyone who looked at me wrong , gained 40+ pounds within 4 months.
cymbalta.Post19.Sentence2	shall I continue?
cymbalta.Post19.Sentence3	I never knew in a million years that I would be afraid of myself .
cymbalta.Post19.Sentence4	What I mean is that during the 4 months I was taking Cymbalta, I almost took my life.
cymbalta.Post19.Sentence5	I was on a different AD before this and the doctor switched it to this.
cymbalta.Post19.Sentence6	After being hospitalized , my new doctor put me back on the previous AD which I can honestly say saved my life.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence1	CONSTANT HEADACHE , HAIR LOSS , & EXTREME WEIGHT GAIN .
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence2	EIGHTEEN YEARS AGO, MY SON SUDDENLY DIED AT AGE 32) FOUR YEARS LATER, I COULD NOT DEAL WITH IT ANYMORE.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence3	I TRIED SUICIDE , BUT WHEN THAT DIDN'T WORK, I FELL COMPLETELY APART.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence4	I WAS PUT IN THE HOSPITAL, & AFTER THE DOCTORS CHECKED EVERYTHING THEY KNEW, A PSYCHIATRIST WAS CALLED IN & AFTER ONLY 2 VISITS, HE PUT ME ON CLONAZEPAM, NEURONTIN, & ZOLOFT.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence5	I HAVE TAKEN THESE MEDS FOR ABOUT 13 YEARS UNTIL I STARTED HAVING LEG ACHES AT NIGHT.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence6	ABOUT 7 MONTHS AGO, MY REGULAR DOCTOR CHANGED OUT THE ZOLOFT FOR CYMBALTA.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence7	IT IMMEDIATELY TOOK CARE OF THE LEG PROBLEMS & I SLEPT VERY WELL.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence8	THEN, I STARTED NOTICING THINGS HAPPENING ALL AT ONCE.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence9	MY HAIR WAS SHEDDING AT AN UNUSUAL RATE, I WAS HAVING A DULL HEADACHE CONSTANTLY .
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence10	LIKE 24/7, & I HAVE PUT ON AT LEAST 30 LBS IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS, ALTHOUGH I HAVE NOT CHANGED MY EATING HABITS.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence11	I DID NOT EVEN SUSPECT THAT IT WAS ONE OF MY MEDS UNTIL MY DAUGHTER, WHO IS A REGISTERED NURSE, SUGGESTED THAT I LOOK UP ALL OF THEM & SEE WHAT THE SIDE EFFECTS ARE.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence12	WHEN I GOT TO CYMBALTA.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence13	THERE THEY WERE.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence14	ALL OF MY PROBLEMS WERE RIGHT HERE WITH SOME OF THE OTHER COMMENTS.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence15	I SEE MY DOCTOR SOON FOR MY USUAL CHECK-UP & I WANT TO GO BACK TO ZOLOFT, BUT THE WAY SOME OF YOU DESCRIBE WITHDRAWAL, I'M REALLY SCARED.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence16	I DON'T EVER WANT TO FEEL LIKE I DID BEFORE I STARTED ON THE MEDS.
cymbalta.Post20.Sentence17	PLEASE SEND ME YOUR SUGGESTIONS AS TO WHAT YOU THINK I SHOULD DO.
cymbalta.Post21.Sentence1	Brain zaps ; grinding my teeth ; night sweats ; constant shaking of my hands and limbs ; not being able to stop my Head going into tremours ; insomnia ; constant fatigue ; headaches ; hair falling out ; forgetfulness ; sore jaw etc - you name it I got them all badly !
cymbalta.Post21.Sentence2	I think it is the worst thing I have ever taken - for almost a year I have tried to take it hinking it would help or blaming my body for the effects and now I have come to realise it is this drug / poison.
cymbalta.Post21.Sentence3	I think people should be warned and that surely after all the blogs about Cymbalata that are negative that the Testing results of this drug should be investigated.
cymbalta.Post21.Sentence4	Some blogs have hundreds of negative comments - something doesn't smell right - how did this pass clinical trials ?
cymbalta.Post21.Sentence5	I am now trying to wean off it am in my second week of hell.
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence1	Insomnia headaches nightmares .
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence2	I started taking cymbalta 2 months ago.
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence3	I have had nightmares about my car wrecking, drowning, not being able to move, my husband having an affair with my best friend, and a lot more.
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence4	The nightmares make me not want to sleep.
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence5	I have actually woke up and wanted to cry .
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence6	And also sometimes I just can't sleep , I don't feel tired at bedtime (even though I was tired an hour before).
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence7	I also have the worst headaches and while I have the headaches my right eye is blurry .
cymbalta.Post22.Sentence8	And it hasn't helped my back pain at all
cymbalta.Post23.Sentence1	unable to have orgasm , loss of all emotion , insomnia , forgetfulness , loss of appetite which I don't need.
cymbalta.Post23.Sentence2	not worth the loss of sex drive or ability to have an orgasm, ever!
cymbalta.Post23.Sentence3	Did nothing for my fibromyalgia- Lyrica works so much better.
cymbalta.Post24.Sentence1	Depression , major nausea , shaking , heart arrhythmia , trouble sleeping , dizziness , fuzzy brain , memory loss , feeling faint .
cymbalta.Post24.Sentence2	This is a TERRIBLE drug and definitely should not be prescribed for elderly patients or anyone for that matter.
cymbalta.Post24.Sentence3	The withdrawel is quite severe and I went through hell going off this drug!
cymbalta.Post24.Sentence4	Wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy except to the Doctor who recommended this drug!
cymbalta.Post24.Sentence5	Ended up having to have a pacemaker put in because of the heart fibrillation .
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence1	Extreme fatige , sweating , nightmares and that was just the beginning.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence2	The thoughts of suicide were overwhelming and it made me feel a horrible despair .
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence3	Mood swings , extreme anger , leg pain just to name a few.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence4	I didnt take cymbalta for long because it was turning me into a worse basket case than I already was.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence5	One thing I did experience when trying to get off it was mood swings.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence6	Some of which were very angry outbursts,an anger I never felt before.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence7	Lost the love of my life because of it.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence8	Now taking 100 mg. of Zoloft and feeling so much better.
cymbalta.Post25.Sentence9	I would not recommend cymbalta to anyone.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence1	Short-term memory loss , shortened attention span , depression , suicidal thoughts , developed a stutter , always tired , nightmares , paranoia , extreme moods .
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence2	When I first started Cymbalta, I didn't notice much of a difference.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence3	After a few months, I started to notice it was making me become somewhat bipolar - on it, I was annoyingly happy and jumpy, but after two hours of taking it, I felt the same, and after two more hours, I was extremely depressed .
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence4	I had also noticed that it took more to hold my attention than it used to, and I couldn't remember things that happened or stuff people said five minutes before.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence5	A little after I began noticing this, I started stuttering , and my stutter got worse as I kept taking the medicine, as did all my other side effects.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence6	Sometimes when talking, I would stutter , and forget what I was saying .
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence7	I decided I was going to stop taking it, so I did.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence8	Wow.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence9	My memory loss worsened, as did my stutter , attention span , and depression.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence10	One day, after a weekend of not having it, I couldn't get out of bed because I felt so bad.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence11	The whole day, I thought about dying.
cymbalta.Post26.Sentence12	I began to have terrible nightmares which would keep me up
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence1	Nausea , Insomnia , Constipation , Crying , Dry Mouth , Sexual , " Speeding ", Worsening Depression , Thoughts of Suicide , Jaw Clenching , Heart Racing .
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence2	This is the most frightening experience I have ever had with an anti-depressant.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence3	I have a very high tolerance for drugs, and I have been on meds almost consistently for thirteen years, trying almost everything possible.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence4	Never have I had such side effects, nor have I ever felt as "drugged" as I did on Cymbalta: nervous and speeding .
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence5	The side effects were almost immediate.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence6	Rarely do I ever think of suicide, but after two days the thought was almost constant.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence7	I woke up after three hours sleep each of the four nights , and could not get back to sleep .
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence8	I was "speeding" the whole time , but felt no relief or, for that matter, a single positive effect.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence9	I would rather be depressed than feel like this-at least depression is predictable and I know it will end.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence10	I see that it worked well for some, but I would never take this drug again.
cymbalta.Post27.Sentence11	The user comments for withdrawal were enough to stop me after four days.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence1	Dizziness , nausea , headache , buzzing noise in head .
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence2	DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence3	IT IS POISON.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence4	After taking 30 mg a day for 3 weeks, I stopped.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence5	I HAVE NEVER felt so awful as I do today.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence6	Started cying and laughing hysterically.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence7	Head is so mucked up I can barely move or think.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence8	Called doc and he said it's withdrawal.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence9	WTF, is this heroine or something?
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence10	Withdrawal?
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence11	I've stopped other SSRI's in the past and never experienced anything.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence12	This is bullshit.
cymbalta.Post28.Sentence13	Do not take this poison.
cymbalta.Post29.Sentence1	Extreme fatigue , drowsiness and a 5lb weight gain within the first 2 months.
cymbalta.Post29.Sentence2	15 months later I'd gained 30 lbs , had horrible withdrawal effects each time I tried to come off of it including nausea, dizziness, fatigue, etc I finally had a dr help me wean off 7 months ago and since that time the depression has become worst than ever w/ suicidal thoughts at times, major irritability, lack of concentration, and a major loss of love and vigor for a life has dwindled.
cymbalta.Post29.Sentence3	This is the worst drug ever; please find an alternative for your symptoms!
cymbalta.Post29.Sentence4	DO NOT TAKE CYMBALTA-it has the potential to ruin the very essence of who you are.
cymbalta.Post29.Sentence5	It's not worth it; trust me!
cymbalta.Post30.Sentence1	My 15 year old daughter was on this for 4 days and it threw her into the worst mental state I've seen outside a mental hospital.
cymbalta.Post30.Sentence2	She has depression and has tried many meds.
cymbalta.Post30.Sentence3	None have helped for long but none have hurt her before.
cymbalta.Post30.Sentence4	Be careful.
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence1	Everyone imaginable.
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence2	Loss of appetite , metal taste in mouth , weightloss , headache , disoriented .
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence3	Worst medication to date for me.
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence4	I couldn't believe the side effects and how harsh they were.
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence5	I felt horrible , my mouth tasted like metal and I could not sleep for days .
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence6	I was hoping it would eventually go away so I continued to take it and after the 6th day of the same intense side effects I finally had to just chunk them in the trash.
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence7	Was wondering if anyone else had this bad of effects but that they did go away after a certain amount of time.
cymbalta.Post31.Sentence8	I have been on wellbutrin before and the side effects were bad but did wear off after about a mont
cymbalta.Post32.Sentence1	lost feelings of joy , could not focus , weight loss , no cares for anything I used to love.
cymbalta.Post32.Sentence2	deep,scary thoughts never have had them before.
cymbalta.Post32.Sentence3	Cant wait to get of and get my life back.
cymbalta.Post32.Sentence4	This drug was awful for me.
cymbalta.Post32.Sentence5	Beware,do your research first
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence1	Sleep .
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence2	its all I want to do, however, unable to rest for more than an hour at a time.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence3	so sleepy on 60mg 1x/day.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence4	I lost 25 lbs in 3 wks.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence5	Had to be put on valium so I could eat .
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence6	5'3" - was 125 now 100 even.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence7	not good.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence8	(It put me to sleep for an hour, then I would wake up and eat a little) Don't want to eat , had to force myself.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence9	Hazy , do not care attitude .
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence10	Felt like I was sitting in a chair watching the world go by .
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence11	I'm amazed that I have not been fired from my job.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence12	DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICINE!
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence13	IT IS HORRIBLE!
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence14	I simply don't understand how the FDA could allow this medicine on the market.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence15	The withdrawal symptoms are nothing sort of a nightmare.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence16	Electrical shocks, headaches, tremors, frequent urination, nausea, major anxiety.
cymbalta.Post33.Sentence17	Cannot get straight answer from anyone regarding how long these withdrawal symptoms will last.
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence1	insomnia , vivid dreams , syncope , a detached from the body feeling , confusion , restlessness , shaky , trembling .
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence2	Took the med for only 3 days and the first night, I think I got a total of 2 hours of sleep .
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence3	On the third day at work, I experienced what felt like an 'acid trip' after about an hour of taking the recomended 30 mg dose.
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence4	I couldn't talk without stuttering , was very confused , couldn't concentrate .
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence5	Had to have me b/f pick me up and take me to ER .
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence6	Said it was side effects of med.
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence7	I had low blood pressure for about 2 weeks after I stopped taking it which caused me to have fainting spells.
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence8	Fainted at work, hit my head and had to go to ER again.
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence9	So after all is said and done, I still have fibromyalgia pain, now even worse it seems, and have a shit load of ER bills.
cymbalta.Post34.Sentence10	Highly reconsider taking this med if you have not already done so.
cymbalta.Post35.Sentence1	dripping in sweat all the time , extreme fatigue , mucus coming out of my anus , feeling like I have to have a bowel movement several times an hour , constipation , and my depression is the same as when I wasn't on it.
cymbalta.Post35.Sentence2	Also feel like I'm in a cloud allthe time.
cymbalta.Post35.Sentence3	Having vision problems .
cymbalta.Post35.Sentence4	DON'T TAKE IT!
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence1	Sweating , Heart Papitations , Headache , dizziness , sore throat , very cold , Major flushing feelings in my head , Dizzy feeling , Flue like symptoms , High degree of shaking and nervousness , bleeding in stool , throwing up .
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence2	Not feeling to well right now to say the least!
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence3	This is the withdrawl stage.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence4	I think thier needs to be more Studies done on this medication before giving it to certain people.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence5	While I have read that it has helped many people.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence6	I think this is great.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence7	What works for one person, does not always work for the other.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence8	This medication seems to work well when it came to my Pain.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence9	I was so happy that it did control my Pain But, since I am comming off of this medication cold Turkey, the side effects are Horrific!
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence10	Also, these where the side effects while I was on the drug as well.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence11	I don't think this drug is for me!
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence12	Wish me luck on comming off of this Medication, since I feel to bad to go see My doctor that placed me on it!
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence13	Also, I'd like to add that I take heart medication for Heart Arythmia.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence14	I don't suggest anyone that takes heart medication should be on this drug.
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence15	But, good Luck to the people that it has helped!
cymbalta.Post36.Sentence16	In case anyone was wondering I was first on the 60mg for about two weeks and then my doctor placed me on the 30mg after I complained of Feeling that I did not feel
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence1	brain zaps , excellerated heart rate , bad dreams , night sweating , tingling of hands and feet , weight gain ( feeling hungry all the time ).
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence2	Please be carefull with missing a dose with this drug!
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence3	I missed 3 to 4 days and I tried to kill myself.
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence4	ended up in the hospital for 5 days.
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence5	I was only on 60mg.
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence6	I just went down to 30 and it has been an awfull week.
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence7	Irratability,severe depression,crying a lot,dramatic mood swings.
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence8	I really want to get off this stuff.
cymbalta.Post37.Sentence9	it's too scary!
cymbalta.Post38.Sentence1	Severe fatigue , problems staying asleep , slight nausea .
cymbalta.Post38.Sentence2	I have been on Cymbalta for almost a week and have been in bed the entire time .
cymbalta.Post38.Sentence3	It has caused me to be severely fatigued with flu-like symptoms that came on about 24 hours after beginning this drug.
cymbalta.Post38.Sentence4	The depression was not as bad as I feel on this medication.
cymbalta.Post38.Sentence5	I am supposed to go to 60mg in two days but after reading the reports of the great difficulty in getting off Cymbalta - I am going to stop taking it before it gets even worse.
cymbalta.Post39.Sentence1	achiness , tiredness , restlessness , blurry vision , tingling in arms , legs and hands, increased anxiety , high blood pressure , belching , heartburn , loss of appetite , strange taste in mouth , alternating hot and cold spells , headaches , loss of feeling during sex .
cymbalta.Post39.Sentence2	I have only taken cymbalta twice and am going to stop now before my symptoms get worse.
cymbalta.Post39.Sentence3	I feel a lot worse than I did before taking it.
cymbalta.Post39.Sentence4	I constantly feel as if I am on the verge of a panic attack, I feel like sleeping all day , but have difficulty sleeping for more than 1 hour at a time even during the night.
cymbalta.Post39.Sentence5	I have aches and pains as if I have the flu .
cymbalta.Post40.Sentence1	Fainting , nervousness , nausea , insomnia , sweating .
cymbalta.Post40.Sentence2	I was prescribed this medicine to help with depression and anxiety , but the side effects are awful.
cymbalta.Post40.Sentence3	I don't see how I can possibly function because of the side effects and I certainly don't see how I could continue on this medication any more.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence1	The first 2 months it seemed to be fine, then the terrible night sweats came,the headaches , dizziness , out of sorts feeling came.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence2	Since last November my tendons on both arms started hurting by the elbow , then came extreme fatigue , and heaviness And pain in the calves of my legs came.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence3	Not to mention the acid reflux , having bowel movements 5 times in the morning , abdominal cramping , couldent eat, no appetite .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence4	Had stomach checked with upper GI and colonoscopy.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence5	Now I have an erosive esophagus .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence6	My doctor at the time sent me to 2 ENT doctors a Rhuemotogist, went to ER in Dec and Jan. Forgot to mention stuffed up nose and constant cough .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence7	Changed my primary care Dr, had tests on my heart, ultra sound in legs, so now I have fast heart rate , poor circulation .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence8	Had 5 friends pass away from December 2014 to May of 2015 started getting depressed .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence9	I went to a shrink and they increased the dose to 90 mg.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence10	Took it for 2 months and felt worse than ever.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence11	Started weaning off cymbalta with shrinks help and he added 50 mg zoloft as I weaned off.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence12	As of last Sunday I don't take the cymbalta any longer.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence13	But I still have bad pain in my right arm , legs and feet, the pain is heaviness and electic shocks .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence14	The sweating stopped , I still have diarreha , and nausea and pain all over my body .
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence15	I do have scolosis in my T spine.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence16	Hips hurt joints in feet snap crackle and pop, from time to time dizziness and headache.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence17	It's been 1 week since I quit taking this poison.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence18	I'm afraid that my legs will never be the same.
cymbalta.Post41.Sentence19	I.
cymbalta.Post42.Sentence1	vivid dreams , nightmares , night sweats , loss of libido and ability to orgasm, constipation , occational brain zaps , weight loss then a ton of weight gain .
cymbalta.Post42.Sentence2	This was a miracle drug for the first few months,then it stopped working.
cymbalta.Post42.Sentence3	Side effects stayed and now that I'm trying to slowly withdraw from it they have gotten worse and new ones have started, especially dizziness and irritibility and lack of energy.
cymbalta.Post42.Sentence4	From what I've been reading it sounds like I have a long horrible road ahead of me.
cymbalta.Post42.Sentence5	Lily had to have known about how absolutley grim the withdrawals were.
cymbalta.Post43.Sentence1	10 lb weight gain , increased amt panic attacks , anxiety .
cymbalta.Post44.Sentence1	feel wired , feel homicidal /suicidal, agitated , no appetite , confused .
cymbalta.Post44.Sentence2	took my first dose this A. M. Will struggle through to see if benefits outweigh this horrible feeling .
cymbalta.Post44.Sentence3	I am a recovering meth addict and feel exactly as if I am coming off of meth!
cymbalta.Post44.Sentence4	Slamming beers( which I have not done for years) to counteract total feelings of rage and despair!
cymbalta.Post45.Sentence1	After 2 weeks I had terrible acid reflux which I NEVER had before, constipation , stomach ache 24/7 , then rectal bleeding which scared the heck out of me.
cymbalta.Post45.Sentence2	Got off the drug immediately.
cymbalta.Post45.Sentence3	Because of the bleeding I had to go for a colonoscopy and have my stomach biopsied which showed it cause the lining of my stomach was inflammed .
cymbalta.Post45.Sentence4	It took me 2 weeks to be weaned off the medication and I felt awful all over like I had the flu.
cymbalta.Post45.Sentence5	I was only on 20MG and it worked mentally but to this day, my gastro-intestinal system is screwed up .
cymbalta.Post45.Sentence6	I do have to say, I was taking Advil and noticed on TV now there are now warnings about taking over the counter pain relievers with this medication.
cymbalta.Post46.Sentence1	My lawyer will be contacting you.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence1	Cymbalta has the same adverse side effects of the other SSRI medications and then some.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence2	In fact, because of Cymbaltas adverse emotional reactions, the inherent inability to get an erection or orgasm that is more the norm in other SSRI medications appears to be even worse with this one.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence3	If that werent enough, it increases anxiety and thus has less value as an anti-depressant.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence4	Yet what was even more profound, I found that I was in a state of emotional upset at all times but wasnt aware of it until I stopped the medication 6 days ago.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence5	Bizarre sensations of profound guilt and regret about incidents from the past (childhood to adult), were constantly re-lived and extremely inflated to say the least.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence6	I found myself on the verge of tears at all times .
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence7	To add to the constant emotional upset , I can now attribute Cymbalta to frustrating memory lapses and a dramatic compromise in my cognitive abilities which I had mistakenly blamed on my pain medication.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence8	This drug caused me t. I have severe and chronic lower back pain with Fibromyalgia which resulted in my developing depression .
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence9	Consequently, I was placed on anti-depressants to counteract the side effects of pain medication, and also because the constant pain sucked the life out of me.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence10	Initially I was on Effexor (YIKES!
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence11	), but had to stop this drug after only a few days.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence12	Subsequently I was placed on Zoloft for several years, then Celexa for several more, and finally Cymbalta in an effort to decrease the SSRI side effects the first two medications had.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence13	Each time I switched drugs I had to stop completely to start the other.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence14	I had no adverse withdrawal side effects from either Zoloft or Celexa; however Cymbalta was a different story.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence15	I had tried several times before to quit Cymbalta but because of the extreme withdrawal side effects, I was forced to stay on it.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence16	The evidence for me is irrefutable; Cymbalta has absolutely no redeeming value when compared to any other type of SSRI anti-depressant.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence17	In Fact, I believe it should either be removed from the market or be deemed a controlled substance, not because patients would be inclined to abuse this drug, but that physicians are in an effort to improve mood and block pain without having to dispense pain medication.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence18	Even the most innocuous of prescribed pain medication has vastly more therapeutic value, simply because Cymbalta has none.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence19	DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG, IT IS DANGEROUS.
cymbalta.Post47.Sentence20	Cymbalta is a living nightmare, avoid it.
cymbalta.Post48.Sentence1	turned into a raging maniac , i had nausea , cold/hot flashes .
cymbalta.Post48.Sentence2	I felt out of control , & disorientated .
cymbalta.Post48.Sentence3	Also, headache , crying , insomnia , and I can't tell you all the side effects.
cymbalta.Post48.Sentence4	I would never ever take this drug again, nor would I recommend this to ANYONE!
cymbalta.Post48.Sentence5	This is a BAD drug, they should have better warnings about the side effects.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence1	agitation ; hostility ; suicidial thoughts ; increased pain ; increased depression ; muscle spasams in legs and feet ; dry eye ; increased blood pressure ; heart palpitations ; increased anxiety , etc Switched to Cymbalta because of claims that it helps with pain .
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence2	Side effects were terrible.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence3	My prescribing MD assured that a second increase in dosage was needed.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence4	He believed the drug rep but not me.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence5	Finally, was able to see a board certified psychiatrist and switched to Lexapro.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence6	Huge improvement and almost instant end to leg spasams.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence7	The industry needs more honesty about Cymbalta side effects-it made my liffe a livng hell for 2 years.
cymbalta.Post49.Sentence8	Wonder how much those drug reps make per year in bonuses.
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence1	The medication fooled me.
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence2	I lost a job spiraled into depression and anxiety .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence3	Prescribed Cymbalta and thought it helped overcome depression and anxiety because of job loss.
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence4	Reality is I became a zombie, robot .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence5	I didn't truly feel, or really care about things I had a passion for .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence6	Less anxiety and depression but less life .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence7	Just existed .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence8	Went through motions .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence9	About three months ago I went off cym.
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence10	sick of losing track of what I wanted to say , feeling of numbness , the constant need to sleep .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence11	I could sleep two days straight and still feel tired .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence12	Confronted by family about what kind of quality of life I had.
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence13	Slowly trying to get out of the hole with no med except occasional xanax.
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence14	I want to feel even if it is depression .
cymbalta.Post50.Sentence15	Exercise, trying to look on the bright side even when habit is not to, talking with family about feelings that is what is saving me.
cymbalta.Post51.Sentence1	Horrible.
cymbalta.Post51.Sentence2	Totally horse tranq knocked out for 12hrs within 2hrs of tasking it couldn't focus on anything laid down and stayed there all day apart from running to the toilet with diarrhoea a few times .
cymbalta.Post51.Sentence3	Could sleep later without restless legs then slept for another 12hrs .
cymbalta.Post51.Sentence4	One of the worst meds I've been on.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence1	Profuse sweating .
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence2	hot flashes , drowsy all of the time , brain fog , inability to concentrate , loss of sex drive , weight gain , constipation , muscle cramps , eye floaters .
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence3	just to name a few.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence4	When I came off Cymbalta I had the worst side effects I could've ever imagined.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence5	it's been a few weeks and still have horrible effects.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence6	extreme muscle fatigue and muscle cramping and elevated liver enyzmes (no pre-existing liver damage or alcohol use/abuse,) just to name a few.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence7	My md is now completing more test and questioning if I have fibromyalgia or MS due to the test results and symptoms.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence8	These seemed to have been initiated after stopping the drug but symtoms did not exist prior to taking them.
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence9	anyone else having these effects, if so, what was your outcome or did the symptoms go away?
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence10	I can barely walk up a couple of stairs without a deep burning and fatigue within my muscles .
cymbalta.Post52.Sentence11	Just curious of how dangerous this drug is and if I'm the only one with these problems.
cymbalta.Post53.Sentence1	Started at 30 I was fine.
cymbalta.Post53.Sentence2	After a month I was upped to 60 mg. A week later I started getting agitated easily , my hair is shedding way more than usual .
cymbalta.Post53.Sentence3	I sweated like crazy , I felt even more depressed than ever , I became anti social and my anxiety worsened .
cymbalta.Post53.Sentence4	I'm currently being weaned off this drug, while on Prozac.
cymbalta.Post53.Sentence5	IF YOU ARE HAVING PROBLEMS TALK TO YOUR PSYCH ASAP DONT STOP TAKING THIS MEDICINE BY YOURSELF *** warning extreme consequences GOOGLE IT (cymbalta withdrawal) luckily I'm one of the good ones tho.
cymbalta.Post54.Sentence1	After the third day on 30 mg of this drug I felt like I was in a fog .
cymbalta.Post54.Sentence2	I was completely depleted of all energy .
cymbalta.Post54.Sentence3	It kept me up all night and I would sleep all day.
cymbalta.Post54.Sentence4	The first couple days are hard for me to even remember what went on.
cymbalta.Post54.Sentence5	I do not recommend this medication.
cymbalta.Post54.Sentence6	Feeling this out of control is scary.
cymbalta.Post55.Sentence1	Nausea .
cymbalta.Post55.Sentence2	Lots of nausea .
cymbalta.Post55.Sentence3	Also, a marked reduction in sexual response and sensation .
cymbalta.Post55.Sentence4	Also, spells of dizziness not associated with a change in position (randomly while sitting down or walking, not just upon standing up).
cymbalta.Post55.Sentence5	No discernible effect on the depression after 8 weeks at recommended therapeutic dosage of 60 mg/day, at which point we decided that due to the already-present undesirable side effects, it would be a bad idea to try increasing the dose further.
cymbalta.Post56.Sentence1	don't know if my problems were because I wasn't depressed (I was misdiagnosed with depression when my problems were Claritin side effects ).
cymbalta.Post56.Sentence2	I had extreme anger and road rage .
cymbalta.Post56.Sentence3	I literally screamed at a stranger over a parking spot.
cymbalta.Post56.Sentence4	I also told off an attorney I was working with.
cymbalta.Post56.Sentence5	These behaviors are not like me at all .
cymbalta.Post56.Sentence6	There needs to be a class actiom.
cymbalta.Post57.Sentence1	only took it 2 days; had horrible migraine , dizziness , nausea and ringing in the ears .
cymbalta.Post57.Sentence2	I have stopped it and now on day 3 migraine is still with me .
cymbalta.Post57.Sentence3	There is no way I could work with this and I will not take it again.
cymbalta.Post57.Sentence4	It just isn't for me.
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence1	had a HORRIFYING experience with Cymbalta!
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence2	This drug is worse than any medication I have ever heard of.
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence3	It is horrible to try and go off of.
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence4	Do a search for Cymbalta withdrawal and see what you find!
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence5	It should NEVER be given out to ANY patient!
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence6	If you want to email me for more in fo, please do.
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence7	We have a class action lawsuit in the works.
cymbalta.Post58.Sentence8	There are 100's of us already that may never be the same again due to Ely Lily's incompetence.
cymbalta.Post59.Sentence1	felt physically ill during the first 3 weeks at 60 mg on this med.
cymbalta.Post59.Sentence2	While that subsided, I then felt a progressive feeling of being in a general stupor .
cymbalta.Post59.Sentence3	Lethargy , significant effects on short-term memory to the point it was affecting my ability to work efficiently .
cymbalta.Post59.Sentence4	I finally took myself off and have been experiencing significant dizziness to the point of being concerned about driving.
cymbalta.Post59.Sentence5	For a mild depression, I would not recommend.
cymbalta.Post60.Sentence1	Brain zaps , dizziness , couldn't sleep ,u name it I had!
cymbalta.Post60.Sentence2	Taking cymbalta was the worse day of my life!
cymbalta.Post61.Sentence1	Irritability , sleeplessness .
cymbalta.Post61.Sentence2	NEVER, NEVER take this drug.
cymbalta.Post61.Sentence3	I made a suicide attempt while on it and it is my opinion it was the cause that pushed me over the edge .
cymbalta.Post62.Sentence1	Did not help my depression and caused me to have suicidal thoughts .
cymbalta.Post62.Sentence2	I was taken off and experianced withdraw so bad that I now back on and slowly coming off.
cymbalta.Post62.Sentence3	I had chest pain , heart palpitations , vomiting , headache , rage , mood swings , and more.
cymbalta.Post62.Sentence4	Other drugs can help just as well, without the terrible side effects
cymbalta.Post63.Sentence1	Loss of appetite , constipation , tiredness , loss of emotional capabilities aka zombie , general numbness , lack of sexual interest .
cymbalta.Post63.Sentence2	when I finally stopped taking this stuff after losing five years of my life to it, I now have joint pain that makes it difficult to do anything.
cymbalta.Post63.Sentence3	I am very frustrated that this stuff has permanent consequences in joint pain which I have never experienced before.
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence1	nausea (at first) , constipation , dizziness , NEVER sleep , always yawning and tired, very mean , hostile and aggressive when upset about something, very very bad night sweats .
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence2	I have been on Cymbalta for about 2 months now and I feel like I am losing my mind.
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence3	I went on it to calm me down a bit, I am very anxious , and it has done the opposite.
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence4	While being on this medication I have no control over my emotions or my actions when I get emotional.
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence5	I have never been a physical person and I do not think twice to hit someone if I am really hurt.
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence6	I am pushing the people who I am closest to away .
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence7	After I have an episode I feel like I was drunk and have NO IDEA why I did it!
cymbalta.Post64.Sentence8	I need off!
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence1	Horrible insomnia , highly depressive and suicidal feelings , inability to orgasm , loss of energy , exhaustion .
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence2	I took this medicine for about a month, and during that month I did not sleep more than 5 hours a night.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence3	I woke up at least 5 or 6 times every night .
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence4	It was horrible.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence5	I felt weak and exhausted and unable to keep up with normal days .
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence6	I took so many short naps , but nothing helped.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence7	My feelings of depression , which Cymbalta was supossed to fix, were increased and I found myself contemplating sucidial or destructive actions a lot.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence8	I talked to my doctor and he IMMEDIABTLY suggested I come off of it.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence9	Another thing that bothered me, well a lot, was I was unable to orgasm .
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence10	at all.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence11	I have since changed medicines and am able to once again, so I totally blame that effect on the drug.
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence12	Overall, the drug gave me a bad feeling .
cymbalta.Post65.Sentence13	I would not suggest this to anyone else, especially if you are switching from another medication.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence1	med helped for a while, but I gained about 30lbs in the midsection.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence2	I was always thin and fit before.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence3	was taking it for multiple failed fertility treatment's and devastating experience with failed IVF.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence4	became pregnant surprisingly (by natural means).
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence5	my md stopped the 60mg cymbalta cold turkey and switched me to lexapro.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence6	I had to be hospitalized within a day for severe vomiting, & electrolyte imbalances.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence7	I felt terribly anxious and had heart palpitations I didn't understand.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence8	I had waited 7 years for a baby.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence9	At 12 1/2 weeks pregnant.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence10	after all that suffering, the baby died.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence11	DO Not stop this medication cold turkey.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence12	They make a 20mg capsule.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence13	then you can open it and remove some beads.
cymbalta.Post66.Sentence14	my life will never be the same again.
cymbalta.Post67.Sentence1	WEIGHT GAIN DESPITE REDUCED CALORIE INTAKE, frequent nausea , vivid dreams to the point that is difficult to wake from them , head rush that made me think I was having a stroke , disassociation , spaciness , horrible withdrawal symptoms-so NOT quit suddenly or on your own.
cymbalta.Post67.Sentence2	Withdrawal similar to heroin withdrawal.
cymbalta.Post67.Sentence3	THIS MEDICATION IS GOD AWFUL AND IT SHOULD BE BANNED.
cymbalta.Post68.Sentence1	shaky , weak , felt like I was going to faint if I stood at all .
cymbalta.Post68.Sentence2	"Cold" sweat , flu-like symptoms .
cymbalta.Post68.Sentence3	30mg Wasn't taking anything else.
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence1	Nausea at first , started out at 60mg Also on Topomax x2 a day, and Seroquel 50mg at night.
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence2	Then as time went over the past few months, since no improvement in depression Doctor upped dose to 120mg, I feel more like an emotional zombie.
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence3	Depression and fatigue still there.
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence4	Emotionally and sexually flat-lined .
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence5	Just kind of existing day by day .
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence6	Had lost 50lbs on my own dieting prior to meds and now gained back 30lbs which adds to my feeling down .
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence7	No thoughts of suicide just deeper depression .
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence8	Explained to the doctor it wasn't helping to begin with 1 month after taking it so upped the dose on me and its done nothing to really help pick me up at all.
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence9	My fatigue and down time is still present, no suicide thoughts but just NO enjoyment in anything .
cymbalta.Post69.Sentence10	I'm slowly gaining back weight I struggled very hard to lose and its driving me even more down in the dumps .
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence1	Extremely tired , low motivation and energy.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence2	NO LIBIDO , anxiety , s/s of OCD ie biting nails and lips, lightheadedness / dizzy , occasional nausea .
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence3	I was on wellbutrin and prozac combo, but I had decided to take myself off as I was getting alot of severe headaches.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence4	I was not sure if meds were contributing to this.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence5	However, the depression and moodiness quickly returned and my psychiatrist decided to try Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence6	Started out on 30 which did nothing.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence7	Eventually increasing dose to 90) I have actually felt more tired during day and difficulty with sleeping .
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence8	I have a tendency toward seasonal affect disorder and cymbalta has not done anything to improve this.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence9	In fact, I feel worse this year as compared to last year when I was on Welbutrin and Prozac.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence10	Further, I suffer from PMS and Prozac was highly effective for relieving those symptoms.
cymbalta.Post70.Sentence11	I am now back on Wellbutrin to start and will see how it goes.
cymbalta.Post71.Sentence1	loss of appetite .
cymbalta.Post71.Sentence2	shortened attention span .
cymbalta.Post71.Sentence3	since i started taking cymbalta i've found that no food sounds desirable and i keep waking up in the middle of the night .
cymbalta.Post71.Sentence4	i have no sex drive .
cymbalta.Post71.Sentence5	i've even heard voices, though, i'm not really sure if that's something that goes along with taking this medication.
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence1	In a constant fog , inability to concentrate , no libido , memory loss , night sweats and vivid nightmares (in the first month, stopped eventually).
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence2	This particular drug did not work for me.
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence3	I have been on 60mg I just dropped to 30mg today and will be coming off of it to switch to welbutrin.
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence4	I am a full time graduate student who works full time.
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence5	I have never in my life had such a hard time getting motivated (even with anxiety and depression ).
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence6	I am constantly forgetting words and always feel like I'm in a fog .
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence7	I barely remember the last 3.5 months .
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence8	I would sit down to study for class and forget what I just read .
cymbalta.Post72.Sentence9	I would suggest if you are starting this drug to do so when you have no important engagements going on, so that you can see how this drug effects your memory and concentration.
cymbalta.Post73.Sentence1	changed from effexor, which solved my depression and anxiety , because I started sleeping all of the time after being on it for about 10 months.
cymbalta.Post73.Sentence2	Cymbalta did not solve my sleepiness and just added many uncomfortable side effects.
cymbalta.Post73.Sentence3	I have intense sweating , sleep disturbances , feeling spacey and dizzy , sleeping 2-3 hours during the day because of " brain fuzz ".
cymbalta.Post73.Sentence4	Getting off of Cymbalta has been very difficult.
cymbalta.Post73.Sentence5	I have been tapering from 60 mg per day, to 40, and now to 20) I feel dizzy whether I take it or not.
cymbalta.Post73.Sentence6	I read that taking benadryl or clariton helps with the withdrawal - and it really does.
cymbalta.Post74.Sentence1	Lethargy , lack of concentration , brain zaps , nausea .
cymbalta.Post74.Sentence2	Initially helped with depression but after a while just felt spaced out and tired all the time .
cymbalta.Post74.Sentence3	Didn't realise to begin with this could be side effects as had worked to begin with.
cymbalta.Post74.Sentence4	Just gone cold turkey and had one week of horrible brain zaps, mood swings and nausea.
cymbalta.Post74.Sentence5	Now I feel great like I'm alive again, better than being on the tabs.
cymbalta.Post74.Sentence6	Wish I had never started.
cymbalta.Post75.Sentence1	Constipation , get some strange feeling in the head at times like nothing ever experienced, fatigue , weight gain .
cymbalta.Post75.Sentence2	I have given this drug an adequate trial time and I feel that it has not helped my depression.
cymbalta.Post75.Sentence3	It has mellowed me but this is not what I want.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence1	Hitting the wall with too many life problems resulted in the discontinuation of Effexor and immediately on to Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence2	At 60 mg 1x day for a month I felt fine.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence3	Doubling the I felt emotionally flat , no emotion .
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence4	I had impulsivity , I think just to see if I could get some feeling .
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence5	Constipation was awful with a large weight gain that put me out of all clothes save sweats .
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence6	I had balance issues , and would get the shakes before my second dose.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence7	I did get permission to cut the dose to 60 mg 1x a day, but it has been pure hell going down as I have a whole set of new side effects.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence8	I am exhausted and sleep with vivid dreams such as I never had before, I am a step away from a migraine daily.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence9	I have sweats and then freeze.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence10	My heart races at rest and I am getting moody, even losing my patience with my dog.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence11	I have joint pain and can hardly move.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence12	Originally at 60 mg I felt great, and until 2 days ago, I didn't know I was on the highest dose.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence13	In hindsight, I would have never started it.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence14	I also had a sudden hearing loss experience and am now totally deaf in my left ear; it is sensioneural and will never return.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence15	I don't know if it is related but I lost my job because of it.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence16	I would like to know if anyone else experienced a hearing loss as my brother-in-law is a doctor in an unrelated field and he has never heard of such a thing.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence17	If you did, please contact me.
cymbalta.Post76.Sentence18	Thanks.
cymbalta.Post77.Sentence1	After 3 days my tongue was triple in size and a dark maroon color vivid dreams weird and wild , sores on tongue , no crying , head aches were gone .
cymbalta.Post77.Sentence2	I liked that it made me seem emotionally detached events happened that would normally make me burst into tears but with Cymbalta I was emotionally free.
cymbalta.Post77.Sentence3	I had less headaches I hate that I had a reaction to it and my doctor took me off of it.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence1	Worst side effect of this med is insomnia .
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence2	Cannot get off to sleep although very tired.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence3	Drowsy during the day .
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence4	At first I had constipation and lethargy.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence5	Apart from that in comparison with other meds low side effects.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence6	After about 4 days on this med I n oticed a definite uplift in my mood and my anxiety was a little lower.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence7	I was surprised because I had just stopped taking Sertaline and expected to be suffering some withdrawal from that so was pleased with how i felt.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence8	I have been on this medication for 11 weeks today and my mood began to dip about two weeks ago.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence9	I am very disappointed because I have had a few meds since I stopped Seroxat a year ago and have not had any therapeutic effect from them and really thought this med would be the one to work.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence10	I am up and down on this medication in general.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence11	I have to admit that my anxiety is not as bad and my depression is not as bad.
cymbalta.Post78.Sentence12	I don't cry as much which is a bonus but I do feel like crying at times during the day and I really hoped to be feeling much much better at the 11 week stage.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence1	Extreme sleepiness and tiredness.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence2	Some bouts of sudden depression and anxiety while on it.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence3	Intense feelings meaning whenever I was happy, I was extremely happy and sad I was extremely depressed and crying .
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence4	Wild dreams .
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence5	I dreamed my sister tried to kill me.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence6	It made me feel worse.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence7	I was just weaning off Lexapro after 2 1/2 months because Lexapro stopped working and caused fatigue and my doc switched me to cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence8	I was hitting caffeine everyday on this med Made me extremely tired especially more while weaning off lexapro with the combination of the two drugs.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence9	Not near as good as Lexapro was when I first started taking it.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence10	Saw that it was not working after a month, just making me worse and I decided to get off it.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence11	I am on effexor now and I'm not sure I'm going to stay on it.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence12	I heard it was making people dense, like Lexapro started to do to me.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence13	The withdrawal I heard was also a pain.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence14	Overall, Cymbalta made me worse over the month period.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence15	I think it worth trying, because everyone is different.
cymbalta.Post79.Sentence16	I don't think it is an anxiety drug though.
cymbalta.Post80.Sentence1	Fatigue , extreme changes in body temperature (hot to cold) , slight headache , insomnia , agitation and anxiousness , fidgeting , food tasting odd and loss of concentration .
cymbalta.Post80.Sentence2	The side effects are worse than the benefits.
cymbalta.Post80.Sentence3	I decided to stop taking the drug as I made me feel worse than I did before I took it.
cymbalta.Post80.Sentence4	I was not prepared to endure the side effects for 2-4 weeks to see whether the drug would work or not.
cymbalta.Post80.Sentence5	I can't see how it can be an anti-depressant when some of the side effects are depressive thoughts and actions.
cymbalta.Post81.Sentence1	fatigue , irritability , lack of appetite (without weight loss).
cymbalta.Post81.Sentence2	Started at 30mg and increased to 60mg Very bad fatigue Week#1 then a little less during Week#2, especially in afternoons.
cymbalta.Post81.Sentence3	No impressive mood benefits, just drawbacks: the most notable was irritability everyday with a general negative outlook and being easily angered .
cymbalta.Post81.Sentence4	Need a different drug.
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence1	Cymbalta made my nervousness and depression worse !
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence2	I have taken many, many drugs and this one was a doozy.
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence3	Stay away from Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence4	Or don't.
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence5	I love this site.
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence6	The fact is that this is a first line antidepressant/all around drug for those with suspected Bipolar disorder.
cymbalta.Post82.Sentence7	It shouldn't be.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence1	Dizzy , light headed , foggy brain , just stoned !
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence2	Exausted too!
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence3	Dizzy , light headed , foggy brain , just stoned !
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence3	Dizzy , light headed , foggy brain , just stoned !
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence5	Dizzy, light headed , foggy brain , just stoned !
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence6	Exausted too!
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence7	I cant go on like this another day.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence8	Yes, it did take the anxiety away, but it's making mashed potatoes out of my brain.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence9	I cant take it.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence10	I am not going to take anymore.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence11	I'm stopping slowly today.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence12	I will have to try something else.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence13	I'm 54 years old and I have responsibilities.
cymbalta.Post83.Sentence14	I cant stay home being stoned and exausted over this medicine.
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence1	agree that it isnt really effective for me either.
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence2	I feel sluggish , unmotivated ,and still have depression ,aniexty and pain .
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence3	I need something that helps me with all those things.
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence4	I was on Lexapro for 4yrs and it stopped working.
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence5	I also, agree that if I stop taking the Cymbalta I feel those "brain zings" and fuziness,that is withdraw symptoms.
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence6	If I dont take the medicine at the same time every day or forget a day, I will expreience withdraw and its horrible!
cymbalta.Post84.Sentence7	I am going to go to a psychotrist to see if there is something else that will help me.
cymbalta.Post85.Sentence1	I'm not sure if I had any side effects, but I never felt any benefit from taking this drug, which both my psychiatrist and rheumatologist recommended.
cymbalta.Post86.Sentence1	nausea at first only .
cymbalta.Post86.Sentence2	was not that effective
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence1	can't stop yawning , wake up in the middle of the night , am so tired during the day .
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence2	like a zombie .
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence3	i've not even been taking it for a week but i dont know if i can deal with the side effects.
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence4	im exausted during the day , waking up in the night .
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence5	i've tried taking it in the am and pm and its all the same.
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence6	totally constipated , i mean big time.
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence7	anyone else had these issues?
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence8	have they gotten better?
cymbalta.Post87.Sentence9	im worried, i can't go on like this for long
cymbalta.Post88.Sentence1	Very Sleepy throughout the day , nauseous , pain actually got worse , could not sleep good at night , WITHDRAWEL EFFECTS ONLY AFTER TAKING FOR 10 DAYS!
cymbalta.Post88.Sentence2	Please take heed,vomiting,muscle twitches,anxiety,bad thumping headache.
cymbalta.Post88.Sentence3	PLEASE
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence1	Brain shocks in the beginning with insomnia.
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence2	Loss of appetite , and more thirsty than usual .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence3	Decrease in Libido .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence4	I went on Cymbalta for my Depression / Fibromyalgia .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence5	I also have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome so my Dr. was hoping it would lift my depression and help me to regulate my sleep cycle and get up earlier in the morning .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence6	Ever since I have been on it, I have not had one good night sleep .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence7	I wake up about every two hours and am very restless throughout the night .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence8	I have also had night sweats on a few occasions.
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence9	There were times where it made me feel even more anxious than I already was.
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence10	The one thing I did notice is it controlled my ruminating which was a bit of a relief.
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence11	However, I felt no better in regards to my depression .
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence12	Now I have to go through the hell of withdrawl for another two weeks.
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence13	I would not recommend this medication for anyone who has a sensitive system like me.
cymbalta.Post89.Sentence14	Unfortunately, I did not find much benefit!
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence1	Less depression , although still had low-moderate level at times , but couldn't "feel" much of anything.
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence2	Emotionally numb .
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence3	Didn't cry at my own sister's funeral!
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence4	Felt numb , robot-like .
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence5	Also couldn't orgasm .
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence6	Cymbalta seemed to deaden everything.
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence7	Reduced dose now to 30 mg and already feel myself coming alive.
cymbalta.Post90.Sentence8	This is a strange med, and I've been on a lot!
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence1	Initially, lose of appetite, sweating , dry mouth , constipation .
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence2	Once body is adjusted, only side affect is rapid weight gain .
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence3	When trying to decrease dose gradually, dizziness, migraines, head spinning, brain zaps, body weakness, nightmares.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence4	I will admit that this medicine helped me initially, but trying to go off of it is a horrible experience.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence5	I'm stepping down slowly and even doing that, I've experienced dizzyness, headaches.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence6	everything I mentioned to the point where I can't function.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence7	The symptoms are not slight.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence8	They are extreme and debilitating.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence9	Gained weight rapidly while on this drug.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence10	Now, despite following a healthy, moderate diet and regularly exercising, my body will not lose weight.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence11	I wish my doctor had found another drug for me initially.
cymbalta.Post91.Sentence12	The risks/side effects are not worth the inital relief.
cymbalta.Post92.Sentence1	extreme sweating , flat feeling , anger , halo around head feeling .
cymbalta.Post92.Sentence2	I thought this was supposed to help depression , I think it made it worse!
cymbalta.Post92.Sentence3	After reading the other posts here, I can now see what I thought was signs of depression is actually side effects of the drug.
cymbalta.Post92.Sentence4	I think Cymbalta has made me extremely angry at everyone and has made my obsessive thoughts worse !
cymbalta.Post93.Sentence1	heavy sweating .
cymbalta.Post93.Sentence2	I thought it was great for 5 months, and then it just stopped working.
cymbalta.Post93.Sentence3	I went from 60mg to 120mg and there was no lift.
cymbalta.Post93.Sentence4	I am now on effexor xr.
cymbalta.Post93.Sentence5	A female friend had the same experience after 3 months.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence1	heart palpitations, chronic constipation , legs weak and heavy , trembling , crying jags , irritability , once or twice a "rage" reaction, very low self esteem , feeling unsafe and insecure, unhappy and scared .
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence2	I'm in the middle of weaning from Effexor XR and adding Cymbalta, since becoming more depressed and anxious recently.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence3	I have been taking antidepressants for 17 years.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence4	Now I take Paxil CR, Trazadone for sleep, Xanax XR and Effexor XR every day.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence5	My doctor recommended switching the Eff to Cymbalta, because of this deeper, developing depression .
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence6	I've been having side effects of the new drug since Day 1, but they became much, much worse as I changed dosages.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence7	I believe I moved right into a bad crash and withdrawal.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence8	I had so many of the frightening effects alot of you mentioned.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence9	I immediately reversed the process, and, boy, do I feel more level, within 2 days.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence10	I'm going back to Effexor XR, although my doctor told me today to continue the process with the Cymbalta!
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence11	Ugh!
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence12	He also increased the Xanax dosage slightly.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence13	Frankly, I've had more luck with Xanax added to my regimen than with trying other meds like Zoloft, Wellbutrin, Prozac.
cymbalta.Post94.Sentence14	For me, I find it has a milder, generalized calming effec
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence1	Deep-end mania .
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence2	For the first 3 weeks, life was getting a lot easier and I started to hope that I was going to come out of that long tunnel of depression .
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence3	But at about 4 weeks, I became fascinated with geology and I could not stop picking up rocks.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence4	My pockets were full of rocks everyday.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence5	I would take time off work to collect.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence6	It took me a full 12 weeks to fully realize how delusional I had become (as opposed to moderately depressed but not delusional , before taking Cymbalta.)
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence7	Hm, what else, yes.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence8	I was also missing meetings !
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence9	My career was at an all time low !
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence10	I kept getting fired .
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence11	(But I was happy, well sort of.)
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence12	If you have the time and inclination to become an artist however, this may be the drug for you.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence13	It really works great on depression .
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence14	I also got incredibly fascinated with digital photography.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence15	I was extremely prolific.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence16	I loved what my senses were bringing me.
cymbalta.Post95.Sentence17	I've got kids though and if I kept taking Cymbalta, I'ld be living in my van by now and not paying child support.
cymbalta.Post96.Sentence1	weight gain (50+ pounds) high blood pressure skin problems tiny wounds would not heal for months , frequently developed into skin infections (e. g. from acne) immune system problems loss of interest in all activities loss of interest in relationships extreme fatigue wanted to sleep all the time could not feel happiness or joy continued to feel depression , have suicidal thoughts under stress .
cymbalta.Post96.Sentence2	Spent 2 months cutting down dose, final withdrawal off of 30 mg dose was agony emotionally and physically for weeks.
cymbalta.Post96.Sentence3	Can't get over how much better I feel now off of this drug.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence1	Nauseated the first week , then went away.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence2	Cymbalta makes me very tired and listless ,which in turn made me gain weight , which in turn made me feel more depressed .
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence3	I can't concentrate well, foggy thoughts , poor memory ,and don't want to socialize much .
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence4	Not suicidal anymore, but I don't think Cymbalta had anything to do with that.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence5	That has always come and left on its own without meds.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence6	I have a subtle ringing in my ears .
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence7	No real benefit from this med, So I am now weaning myself off.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence8	I've tried many kinds of anxiety/dep med and nothing works for me,every one so far has been just a "sleeping pill" and I dont want to sleep my life away.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence9	Not impressed with Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post97.Sentence10	I dont think I'll ever find something that makes me feel content and happy and help me stop worrying so much, without the sleepy zombie feeling.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence1	None yet!
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence2	Haven't started.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence3	I have to say, after reading this site's and others about Cymbalta, I'm a bit freaked out in switching from Zoloft.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence4	BUT, I gotta say this.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence5	I would like to know what other medications those who have some of the horror stories here are on.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence6	I'm no doctor, but it seems like there are some combinations that would explain much of the issues above.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence7	Also, it seems as though this drug isn't a great treatment for anything other than depression /axiety.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence8	I know Lilly wants to get the old market penetration, but GEEZ.
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence9	don't use a shovel when you need a screwdriver!
cymbalta.Post98.Sentence10	If I have any of the issues I've read here, you bet I'll be back to let you know.
cymbalta.Post99.Sentence1	Only major side effect was inability to achieve orgasm which I personally found intolerable.
cymbalta.Post99.Sentence2	Really worked great on my general pain & depression .
cymbalta.Post99.Sentence3	Had it not been for the one side effect, I'd likely have continued it indefinitely for Fibro Pain & Depression .
cymbalta.Post100.Sentence1	Extreme sedation , inability to move , excessive sleeping .
cymbalta.Post100.Sentence2	Digestive tract discomfort which has lead to a flare up of IBS .
cymbalta.Post100.Sentence3	May be a good drug, but I can't take it anymore because of the sedation and stomach problems .
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence1	Drastic drop in libido , profuse sweating , decreased appetite .
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence2	I really don't know what to do.
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence3	I was switched to Cymbalta from Pristiq for cost reasons because I have no insurance.
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence4	I have MS and all my meds are very expensive, so my MD signed me up for an assistance plan and Cymbalta is on it.
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence5	The decreased libido is a major problem because I truly love my husband of 14 years, but I have a VERY difficult time being interested on an intimate level .
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence6	I also cannot deal with the sweating .
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence7	I sweat so profusely that it has become embarrassing.
cymbalta.Post101.Sentence8	I have taken Lexapro successfully in the past and I am thinking about trying that again, regardless of the cost.
cymbalta.Post102.Sentence1	decreased appetite , nausea (went away after a few days) , some sudden dizzy spells (last a few seconds to a minute or two), constipation , gas .
cymbalta.Post102.Sentence2	it helps w/the depression but I still feel pretty lousy - just bounce back a little easier
cymbalta.Post103.Sentence1	dry mouth , headaches , lowered libido , hot flashes , irregular sleep pattern ( insomnia like ), hitting "wall" - brain stops working , poor short term memory , fatigue .
cymbalta.Post103.Sentence2	Initially Cymbalta took away my Fibro pain and I loved it!
cymbalta.Post103.Sentence3	But I think there is a life cycle to taking it, maybe 5 years or so; when they increased it to 90mg (April 2012) my cognition got noticeably worse , fatigue got much worse , every side effect amplified
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence1	INTENSE HOT FLASHES, PROFUSE SWEATING , particularly severe with stress and when too hungry - can get to the point of soaking , dripping sweat , soaked clothes, bed, chair, car seat , total embarrassment, happens worst at most inappropriate times.
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence2	No one seems to understand why this happens, so embarrassing, even family mystified.
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence3	It seems only a VERY TOXIC drug would have this side effect.
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence4	Now, after 9 months, constant dull (sinus) headache, constant insomnia , caffeine intolerant (1 cup coffee = heart pounding, headache, agitation, uncomfortable for rest of day), 3 months ago weight started increasing , now 40 pounds heavier !
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence5	Isolating , fuzzy headed , poorer concentration now 9 months after switching to Cymbalta, time to switch back or on to another SSNRI/SNRI or hopefully, maybe, something better!
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence6	Effexor was on a similar uncomfort scale to Cymbalta for me, increased blood pressure, hot flashes/heat, sweating.
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence7	Cymbalta, however, has decreased ability to orgasm much less than Effexor or Zoloft, Paxil caused much worse (totally intolerable) headaches.
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence8	Cymbalta has helped with depression , but I've had better success with much less, unpleasant side effects from other medications, and soon I will be switching back.
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence9	PLEASE - be careful with Cymbalta and all other SSNRIs/SSRIs, report all side effects, withdraw VERY SLOWLY - dizziness, "brain zaps", blackouts are inevitable result of withdrawing too quickly from all of this class, ONE MUST SHAVE PILLS DOWN BY CRUMBS IN DECREASING DOSE OVER LONG PERIOD OF TIME WHEN WITHDRAWING, A MG. AT A TIME - IF THIS IS NOT FOLLOWED CLOSELY, DANGEROUS AND UNPLEASANT WITHDRAWAL SYNDROME (SEROTONIN SYNDROME) RESULTS, AS SO MANY OF US HAVE REPORTED AND ARE FAMILIAR WITH!
cymbalta.Post104.Sentence10	Please be careful, good luck, and good health.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence1	don't experience side affects while on Cymbalta but when I am off.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence2	If I forget even a single day of this medicine I feel completely gone the next.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence3	Dizzy, lightheaded, tired.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence4	It makes me think it works i guess but I hate the withdrawals.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence5	I forgot to call in my prescription once and had to skip for a whole weekend (this was the first time).
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence6	I was DEAD for the next week.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence7	I wanted to do nothing but sleep and sleep and sleep.
cymbalta.Post105.Sentence8	It helps depression but beware of the horrible withdrawals.
cymbalta.Post106.Sentence1	Have been on it 12 days, along with 60 mg prozac (4+ years on that).
cymbalta.Post106.Sentence2	Have not seen major improvements yet.
cymbalta.Post106.Sentence3	Am wondering how long it takes to "kick in"?
cymbalta.Post106.Sentence4	Am on 30 mg - wondering if I should be on 60 mg?
cymbalta.Post107.Sentence1	complete indifference towards sex , inability to get an erection , severe pain in my right jaw , headache , nausea , an odd gag reflex when I yawned, insomnia , feeling of being "strung out" .
cymbalta.Post107.Sentence2	Cymbalta did what I needed it to, for the most part-it gave me concentration, the ability to stay awake, and improved my mood greatly.
cymbalta.Post107.Sentence3	However, the side effects were too severe; I was taking 30mg I could not endure the total impotence and feared a permanent sexual effect , and I never once felt sleepy while on the medicine.
cymbalta.Post107.Sentence4	I also just felt.
cymbalta.Post107.Sentence5	weird.
cymbalta.Post108.Sentence1	Made me gain a quick 15 pounds .
cymbalta.Post108.Sentence2	I work out daily and did not change my calorie intake.
cymbalta.Post108.Sentence3	Switched to wellbutrin and have allread lost 8 pnds with out trying.
cymbalta.Post108.Sentence4	It works well for some but not me.
cymbalta.Post109.Sentence1	Emotionally numb , wasn't happy or sad .
cymbalta.Post109.Sentence2	No libido at all , was unable to orgasm from sex .
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence1	The first week I was on it, I threw up every day.
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence2	My doctor begged me to tough it out.
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence3	Lost 10 pounds .
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence4	Other than that bad week of not being able to eat , no other side effects.
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence5	Still unsure if it's working.
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence6	Haven't noticed any improvement in my mood.
cymbalta.Post110.Sentence7	still very depressed .
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence1	Nausea and stomach cramping the first couple of days ; was somewhat better if I ate small amounts of food frequently.
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence2	It also made me very hungry when I first started it and whenever I increased dosage.
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence3	I have found Cymbalta to be helpful in reducing my anxiety , but not as effective for my chronic depression .
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence4	Before, I was starting to drink a glass or 2 of wine at night to reduce my anxiety .
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence5	Now I don't feel any need to drink to reduce anxiety anymore.
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence6	As for depression , I took prozac years ago, and found that much more effective in eliminating my depression .
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence7	But Prozac also raised the threshold on other feelings, which I didn't like.
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence8	Cymbalta seems to have a lower threshold in terms of blocking feelings.
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence9	So I still get the good feelings, which I like, but unfortunately I also still get the depression .
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence10	For perimenopause, at first it seemed to help reduce the emotional over-reacting.
cymbalta.Post111.Sentence11	But it seems less effective in doing so lately.
cymbalta.Post112.Sentence1	vivid dreams , clenching of the jaw , dry mouth , night sweats , interupted sleep , needing the toilet in the night, insomnia , weight gain , craving carbs , binge eating , weak joints , muscle tiredness , emotional numbness - feeling of not caring about anything or anyone,loss of labido, itching , excessive yawning and tiredness , short attention span .
cymbalta.Post112.Sentence2	prescribed 30mg cymbalta feb07 which didnt do much,i ad bin really suicidal b4 taking this med & ad attempted suicide 2x b4 being put on cymbalta & it stopped me from wanting 2 kill myself but my mood wasnt any better so my dose was increased 2 60mgi ad the side effects listed with the lower dose but they increased with the higher dose.
cymbalta.Post112.Sentence3	i excercise ALOT & train really hard, sometimes 2x daily @ gym,i do dance & cheerleading also & im very active.
cymbalta.Post112.Sentence4	since taking cymbalta i av gained 14lbs which i CANT loose no matter how hard i try,im also craving carbs & binge eating which iv neva done b4) i av also found that when training @ gym my joints r weaker & i av 2 wear supports.
cymbalta.Post112.Sentence5	the emotional numbness as affected me most as im @ risk of losing my partner who as bin there 4me thru it all but i just av no feelings & i dont seem 2 care how much i hurt him ,i also feel like ill lose my friends & family if im not careful.
cymbalta.Post112.Sentence6	my grandad passed away recently & i barely
cymbalta.Post113.Sentence1	Catatonic , no emotion .
cymbalta.Post113.Sentence2	Severe palpitations and irregular heartbeat .
cymbalta.Post113.Sentence3	Stopped taking it and two weeks later still irregular.
cymbalta.Post113.Sentence4	Seeking cardiovascular treatment.
cymbalta.Post113.Sentence5	It DID help combat fatigue.
cymbalta.Post113.Sentence6	I was able to function physically like a normal human being again for the first time in years, but I had no emotion whatsoever.
cymbalta.Post114.Sentence1	loss of appetite , weight loss , nausea (subsided after a few days) .
cymbalta.Post114.Sentence2	I switched off of Prozac after being on that for around 2 years or so.
cymbalta.Post114.Sentence3	I was hit with a lot of side effects of Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post114.Sentence4	My psychiatrist wants to now switch me to Zoloft.
cymbalta.Post114.Sentence5	The loss of appetite and weight loss was one of the main side effects I had, I am already underweight, and losing weight isn't good for me
cymbalta.Post115.Sentence1	definatly get real nausious .
cymbalta.Post115.Sentence2	I am having strong flu like symtoms but I am coming off of effexor and that has always been hardcore.
cymbalta.Post115.Sentence3	I have been on effexor for 11 years and it has help me funtion and provide for my family, but I have been really tired and have to contantly fight weight gain .
cymbalta.Post115.Sentence4	I have noticed that I have a little more energy and more mental clarity in the short time that I have been on Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post115.Sentence5	I'm going to stick it out and give this new drug several months before making a decision.
cymbalta.Post115.Sentence6	God bless
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence1	Occasional dryness of mouth & constipation at first.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence2	Slept like a baby.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence3	No real mood change, but decision making became a lot easier.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence4	Rapid heart beat at times.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence5	Felt calmer, but also had less energy.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence6	Some blurriness of vision which I didn't attribute to the medicine until I went off 2 wks.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence7	ago.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence8	Mild headaches .
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence9	Lightheadedness .
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence10	Low dose (20 mg) One weird side effect I had was an occasional feeling of heaviness in my calves that gradually increased and became painful, almost like the blood was pooling in my legs.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence11	Discontinued medication, using Motrin to pre-empt headaches.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence12	Still feel lightheaded now & then.
cymbalta.Post116.Sentence13	Next: Wellbutrin(energy) or nothing.
cymbalta.Post117.Sentence1	constant numbness on the right side of my body , tingling fingers , unexplained extreme yawning , trouble staying asleep , anxiety , accelerated heart rate in mornings, dry-mouth when working out, new sweating that continues hours after working out, constipation , loss of appetite /cravings.
cymbalta.Post117.Sentence2	I had lots of side effects the first 2-3 days of being on the 30 mg tablet, but most went away.
cymbalta.Post117.Sentence3	I was kicked up to 60 mg starting week 2) I felt much better, although not completely better.
cymbalta.Post117.Sentence4	4-5 weeks into 60 mg I started to have extreme numbness & tingling on my right hand , arm, side, shoulder blade.
cymbalta.Post117.Sentence5	I continued having the listed side effects at week 5) Doctors are unable to explain the numbness and think it is not associated with cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post117.Sentence6	Numbness diminished after stopping the medicine & starting a new anti-depressant.
cymbalta.Post118.Sentence1	decreased appetite , fatigue , maybe a little "foggy" .
cymbalta.Post118.Sentence2	It's only been four days, but I'm not experiencing anything negative with this drug.
cymbalta.Post118.Sentence3	Not feeling much happier, but I know it takes a couple weeks for the drug to kick in completely.
cymbalta.Post118.Sentence4	Due to my depression , I am always fatigue d so that part doesn't bother me.
cymbalta.Post118.Sentence5	And I'm 50 pounds overweight, so I'm not complaining about the decreased appetite !
cymbalta.Post118.Sentence6	I'm taking 30 mg each morning, I'm sure I'll be posting again in a week or two.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence1	Short term: dizziness,nausea,confusion, and headaches for about 10 days or so.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence2	Long term: extremely graphic nightmares , night sweats(especially in winter), 30 lb.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence3	weight gain , sexual side effects , extremely unhappy with all of these side effects.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence4	I feel somewhat more stable than when off of this type of medicine, but I am also so unhappy with the long term side effects.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence5	Also, I am still experiencing some major depressive episodes and invasive thoughts , which makes me question if the cure is worse than the disease.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence6	I want to get off of it, but I fear feeling the way I did prior to taking any antidepressant, which was horrible.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence7	Others taken include Paxil and Lexapro.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence8	I am at a real crossroad right now and don't know what to do.
cymbalta.Post119.Sentence9	Help?
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence1	have gained 30 lbs since I began taking this.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence2	I have never been overweight before.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence3	Also, oddly my cholesterol has jumped up over 50 points in the last year.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence4	Which can be a side effect of Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence5	Very sleepy all the time .
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence6	Hard time focusing and if I miss dose look out.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence7	I become very irritable, not to mention I experience brain zaps similar to paxil withdrawal.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence8	Having been involved in a lawsuit with glaxosmithkline due to the effects of paxil withdrawal I am very concerned about stopping this drug.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence9	However, I am not willing to be a depressed huge woman either.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence10	The drug has helped with the depression , however the side effects are awful.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence11	If you think giving a depressed woman who has never had a weight problem, an extra 30 lbs to carry around is a good idea you would be mistaken.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence12	So mostly the weight issue is a big deal.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence13	I swear the drug makes me very, very hungry .
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence14	It is quite bizarre.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence15	Also, I also just seem mostly numb which is pretty scary.
cymbalta.Post120.Sentence16	I dont like feeling like that.
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence1	Vivid dreams , and remember them in such great detail !
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence2	Increased sex drive , reduced appetite , neck pain .
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence3	I haven't been taking this drug too long and I am stopping because of the dryness it causes in my eyes (swollen) and my scalp (scratching) .
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence4	I can't read or focus my eyes because of the dryness and burning, my eyelids are swollen and, although it has helped somewhat with fibro pain, it's not worth it.
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence5	Also, affects sleep patterns , I'm exhausted earlier , but can't sleep well .
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence6	I've been on Zoloft for years, and we tried Cymbalta because my doctor felt I had gotten too used to Zoloft and it wasn't helping as much.
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence7	When I first tried Cymbalta, I stopped after a week or two because I was so angry , I was biting off everyone's head .
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence8	Stopped and started again and now experienced this dryness .
cymbalta.Post121.Sentence9	I won't try it again.
cymbalta.Post122.Sentence1	HUGE costipation, somnolence , loss of libido .
cymbalta.Post122.Sentence2	it seems to be uneffective to me.
cymbalta.Post122.Sentence3	I completely had to change med to stay well al least of my real state.
cymbalta.Post122.Sentence4	i don't recommend it.
cymbalta.Post123.Sentence1	insomnia , loss of appetite *.
cymbalta.Post123.Sentence2	I took Cymbalta because I was out of Lexapro.
cymbalta.Post123.Sentence3	Cymbalta lifted my mood more.
cymbalta.Post123.Sentence4	My mind raced at 100 miles a minute , but my body was exhausted , so sleep was slim .
cymbalta.Post123.Sentence5	The loss of appetite I wasn't sure to attritube to the Cymbalta because I'm a finicky eater anyway, but I couldn't function with only 5 hours of sleep in 10 days .
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence1	didnt want to eat first two weeks, cant sleep, felt sick when working out / shaking .
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence2	when i first started taking cymbalta i started at 30 mg and i took that for a month.
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence3	and i saw no differneces in my depression but my mom said i was a little happier.
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence4	then i was given 60 mg and i have been taking that for about 3 weeks now and i have highs and lows all the time .
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence5	i either wanna go out or stay in bed .
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence6	it really hasnt made me much happier though.
cymbalta.Post124.Sentence7	but i hope with time it will help me.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence1	Sweating , hand tremors , racing heart , insomnia , bizarre dreams .
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence2	Cymbalta definitely helped with the depression .
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence3	In 3 weeks it was gone, as was my anger and inability to focus.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence4	It's been somewhat effective with the anxiety , but I find valium works much better for that.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence5	As with any antidepressant, please, please be careful when taking this.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence6	And even though I found it effective, I agree that it is horrid to wean off of it.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence7	I've been going down 5 mg at a time a week at a time, and even so I've had withdrawls.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence8	I find taking just 1 mg of valium per day has helped a lot with the withdrawls.
cymbalta.Post125.Sentence9	I had a friend who also went off Cymbalta and she took Adivan to help with withdrawls and that worked for her.
cymbalta.Post126.Sentence1	No physical side effects.
cymbalta.Post126.Sentence2	I felt better .
cymbalta.Post126.Sentence3	but at the same time felt completely "flat" emotionally .
cymbalta.Post126.Sentence4	I chose to go off the medication for that reason.
cymbalta.Post126.Sentence5	Had no difficulty with going off cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post127.Sentence1	first 3-4 months I was doing great, then disrupted sleep began, waking up every hour , night sweats , craving for sugar , low motivation to do anything.
cymbalta.Post127.Sentence2	I started on 30mg and went up to 60mg Couldn't tolerate 60mg, it rendered me completely sleepless and with metallic taste in my mouth.
cymbalta.Post127.Sentence3	The cravings for sweets are annoying.
cymbalta.Post127.Sentence4	I feel like a junkie .
cymbalta.Post127.Sentence5	As of today I'm switching to Lexapro.
cymbalta.Post128.Sentence1	major constipation , weight gain , night sweats , excessive sweating (mostly face and head).
cymbalta.Post128.Sentence2	I started on this and immediately noticed the constipation and sweating .
cymbalta.Post128.Sentence3	My hair would be drenched by the time I got to work in the morning - even with the AC on in the car.
cymbalta.Post128.Sentence4	Doc put me on something for that and it worked during the day but I wake up nightly with soaked clothes .
cymbalta.Post128.Sentence5	I thought I could deal with it but after 4 months, I am feeling the exhaustion of not getting full nights' sleep .
cymbalta.Post128.Sentence6	I like the overall way I feel - not too pumped up but not depressed , but the lack of sleep has led me to yet another failed medication.
cymbalta.Post129.Sentence1	extreme dry mouth , to the point where I constantly felt as if something was stuck in my throat which would in turn cause me to have an anxiety/ panic attack , decreased appetite , severe insomnia .
cymbalta.Post129.Sentence2	Cybalta definitely helped with my depression but the side effects really took a toll on me after only a week.
cymbalta.Post129.Sentence3	I had barely slept and had lost over 6 pounds within the first week because just the thought of food would make me sick to my stomach .
cymbalta.Post129.Sentence4	I was constantly drinking water and had to have a bottle by my side at all times, it was just incredibly uncomfortable.
cymbalta.Post130.Sentence1	Nausea , diarrhea , upset stomach , dry mouth , sleepiness .
cymbalta.Post130.Sentence2	I have only been on 30mg for 4 days and have the extreme runs .
cymbalta.Post130.Sentence3	Upset stomach and no appetite .
cymbalta.Post130.Sentence4	Pain in minimal though and I feel less anxious and depressed .
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence1	started out on 60mg, which was a way too high dosage to start out on- lay on my bed for 2 days staring at the ceiling, not being able to move ; also experienced blurred vision , nausea , excessive sleepiness , yet inability to sleep - Was so paranoid after this episode that I didn't take it for a month again, but t my doctor recommended that I rather slowly get used to the drug, taking 30 mg every second day, and gradually increasing the dosage - Second time round the side effects in the first week were minimal and even quite pleasant- had so much energy that I could get by with 4 hours sleep.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence2	This stabilised later on though - As I upped my dosage, my libido started taking strain though and I had trouble sleeping - At 60mg, I started experiencing excessive sleepiness , needing a nap at least once every afternoon.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence3	I tried Cymbalta at difference dosages and my general impression when I was taking 30mg and later 60mg day was that Cymbalta helped a great deal for my anxiety- I just felt in control again and stupid chores didn't seem like such a big deal anymore.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence4	At 60mg however, my sleepiness just became unbearable.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence5	Needing a nap every afternoon just isn't OK for me.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence6	My libido also just did a disappearance act, which I simply couldn't handle.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence7	Despite helping with anxiety, I just didn't feel like my mood was lifted sufficiently and that I almost didn't feel like myself anymore- almost just too calm (where I like certain of my manic traits).
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence8	- I quit Cymbalta two weeks ago and I must comment that I didn't experience the horror withdrawal symptoms that everyone talks about, but perhaps because I slowly reduced my dosages.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence9	I'm now taking Wellbutrin SR and this seems to be doing the trick for me.
cymbalta.Post131.Sentence10	I reckon that I perhaps just needed a difference class of drugs - So, in my experience, C
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence1	Nausea , vertigo and extreme fatigue to begin with (first week or so).
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence2	Emotions were very flat for the first month or so.
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence3	The nausea subsided but still suffer from the fatigue and horrible night sweats .
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence4	Also very low libido and anorgasmic (difficulty achieving orgasm) .
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence5	Finding it very difficult to come off the medication now.
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence6	Very severe withdrawl after only one day of not taking the drug, which include disorientation, vertigo, nausea and what they (weblog which supports users coming off Cymbalta) call 'brain-zaps' where you experience some kind of electrical shock type feeling in your brain.
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence7	Very disconcerting and unpleasant!
cymbalta.Post132.Sentence8	As a result I am afraid of coming off the medication.
cymbalta.Post133.Sentence1	dry mouth , insomnia , anxiety .
cymbalta.Post133.Sentence2	it only somewhat works,i still need to take buspar to help relieve residual anxiety
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence1	I've been on this medication for years.
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence2	Major constipation ; fiber does not help.
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence3	Confusion is really bad , lack of concentration is very bad .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence4	Short term memory loss .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence5	Loss interest in doing anything .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence6	I can sit for hours day in and day out with no interest in usual pastimes .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence7	I lost touch with all my friends because I have no interest in seeing them .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence8	However, I have no anxiety while taking the medication.
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence9	Is it worth it?
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence10	Helped me with anxiety .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence11	I don't think anything helps with depression .
cymbalta.Post134.Sentence12	I've taken one medication after another for 20 years.
cymbalta.Post135.Sentence1	was fine for the first month, but now I am experiencing severe joint discomfort in my wrists .
cymbalta.Post135.Sentence2	It truly is odd.
cymbalta.Post135.Sentence3	I will continue and talk to a professional about these side effect.
cymbalta.Post135.Sentence4	Disturbed about the major joint discomfort in my wrists .
cymbalta.Post135.Sentence5	I like the weight loss , but have also felt heart palpatations and have had extreme dreams .
cymbalta.Post136.Sentence1	spaced out , difficulty sleeping , headaches(shocks) , night sweats .
cymbalta.Post136.Sentence2	For the first two weeks I felt very spacey and drugged, a feeling similar to taking extasy.
cymbalta.Post136.Sentence3	But after my body adjusted, I did notice quite a difference in my anxiety , and length of dressions bouts.
cymbalta.Post136.Sentence4	I have suffered from anxiety ( anxiety attacks ), bouts of depression , sadness and anger since I was a young teen.
cymbalta.Post136.Sentence5	I am almost 30 and have tried several other medications which had much worse side effects and no positive effects, such as: paxil and celexa.
cymbalta.Post136.Sentence6	The only current side effect I have is the night sweats and I do get "headshocks" as I call them, if I forget to take my pill on time.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence1	Night sweats , constipation , taking longer to climax during sexual intercourse.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence2	I am glad that I started Cymbalta before I came to this site.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence3	I have only been on Cymbalta for 10 days but I am already starting to feel so much better.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence4	I've gone years and years being depressed , sometimes severe sometimes moderately.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence5	The disheartening thing is that the people who are most likely to post on sites like this are the few that have had bad side effects.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence6	However, remember that everyone is different and out of ALL those taking this medication only 20-30% end up with severe side effects if any at all.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence7	Every person physiologically is different and processes meds such as Cymbalta differently.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence8	There is a balance.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence9	there are many who are taking this medication and have not had any side effects at all and even the ones that have, it has been worth the side effects.
cymbalta.Post137.Sentence10	I am hoping that my experience with this med continues and that it gets more effective as time goes on.
cymbalta.Post138.Sentence1	nausea at first, which subsided after a couple of weeks.
cymbalta.Post138.Sentence2	Still a bit sleepy during the day (I take it in the morning), but then frequent waking at night , with very vivid, weird dreams !
cymbalta.Post138.Sentence3	I do feel more relaxed and able to handle life's ups and downs, as well as some serious family issues.
cymbalta.Post138.Sentence4	I've gotten used to the side effects, and am sticking with it.
cymbalta.Post138.Sentence5	Tough it out - things do get better, and your body will adjust!
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence1	feel good!
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence2	I'm on day 5 and read all these posts before starting.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence3	I was previously on Paxil which was not effective.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence4	I feel good!
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence5	I know its too soon, but I do not have any side effects, I feel more alert, focused and worry-free.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence6	I usually have very vivid dreams but I have slept well and have had calm dreams the last few nights.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence7	I do not feel "zombie-like" or tired, in fact I feel like I have more clarity and energy.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence8	I am on the low dose, 30mg daily.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence9	I don't see any correlation to this med and diarrea and I am not worried about the effects of "going off it" as I plan to "stay on it" as long as I feel this good.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence10	I have advice for those who still suffer: Get some sunshine on your face, just a few minutes will make you feel great.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence11	Get an old dog, not a puppy, an old dog that Needs you, that you can care for and that will love you back.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence12	If you can't handle a dog get a fish.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence13	Smile at a baby!
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence14	They usually smile back at you :) Think of positive thoughts even if you have to make them up.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence15	I dare you!
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence16	Buy something new even if its just a pair of underwear.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence17	Women know this really does work wonders.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence18	Give it a fair chance, good luck.
cymbalta.Post139.Sentence19	Aloha~
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence1	very tired .
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence2	head fog .
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence3	went from effexor to cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence4	felt tingling for the first 5 days .
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence5	I have been on it for 2 weeks and I have finally seen the light.
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence6	I have been feeling really good.
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence7	Mood is great.
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence8	but I can tell when it is time to take it I get this tingling feeling ,like when I turn my head my brain is a bit behind .
cymbalta.Post140.Sentence9	but other than that its been good to feel like life is worth living again.
cymbalta.Post141.Sentence1	On 90 mg I had sweating at night so that my clothes are drenched , somtimes multiple times at night.
cymbalta.Post141.Sentence2	I also have had a lot of gas and some constipation .
cymbalta.Post141.Sentence3	On 60 mg, I was irritated with my boyfriend when he wasn't being irritating at all.
cymbalta.Post141.Sentence4	On the whole, this drug has helped very much.
cymbalta.Post141.Sentence5	The side effects for me are less than for Effexor.
cymbalta.Post142.Sentence1	Possibly dry mouth (whatever that is exactly), drowsiness for the first few weeks.
cymbalta.Post142.Sentence2	Unlike the other people on here, I haven't really experienced that many side effects, or really any that are any sort of bother to me.
cymbalta.Post142.Sentence3	Cymbalta has helped quite a bit (along with therapy and some life style changes) to help me get through depression .
cymbalta.Post142.Sentence4	I wouldn't deter people from taking it.
cymbalta.Post142.Sentence5	It definately hasn't been a miracle cure, but it hasn't been bad at all.
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence1	Feelings of a band around my head, memory loss .
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence2	unable to recall names etc diarrhea , delayed processing , insomnia ,late day fatigue .
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence3	Some hair loss and some weight loss .
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence4	These side effects are slowly letting up.
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence5	Coming out of such a paralyzing depression is worth it!
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence6	I'm just afraid it will eventually render me apathetic and flat the way Prozac eventually did.
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence7	I'm also afraid my appetite will come back with a vengeance, as it has on other meds.
cymbalta.Post143.Sentence8	If I end up a fat, bald middle aged woman I do think my depression will return in a different way.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence1	Really I haven't noticed any side effects when taking it but a bit of sleepiness initially .
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence2	It has worked exceptionally well for my depression .
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence3	I can tell you from mine and others experiences that the drug withdrawal symptoms are very severe and affect every body system you have.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence4	I missed a couple once and the side effects are the worst I have ever encountered from my many medications I have taken over the course of 30 years with this disorder.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence5	I have been on almost the whole array of psychiatric drugs and withdrawal from this one is the worst I have ever encountered.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence6	I have a friend whose husband takes this drug for fibromyalgia and tried to get off it because they can't afford this medicine, but the withdrawal was so bad for him.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence7	I guess they will have to keep the extra job to pay for the medicine.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence8	I looked online to find at least 15 pages of withdrawal symptoms and over 30 pages to document the symptoms.
cymbalta.Post144.Sentence9	When I started with the medicine it was pretty new and I guess they did not know about the withdrawal side effects.
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence1	at start dry mouth & metallic tast e; started clinching jaws which causes headache , tooth and gum pain & neck pain .
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence2	The dry mouth is very insignificant compared to depression .
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence3	For those people who do not understand why anyone would take these drugs with all the side effects YOU HAVE NEVER SUFFERED REAL DEPRESSION .
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence4	It is necessary to find one with fewest side effects and everyone is different.
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence5	What can you live with?
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence6	I am assuming the Cymbalta is the cause of the clinching .
cymbalta.Post145.Sentence7	I had the same thing with Lexapro along with some other things.
cymbalta.Post146.Sentence1	nausea , cotton mouth , and lack of appetite .
cymbalta.Post146.Sentence2	Tried paxil, celexa, buspar, and depakote.
cymbalta.Post146.Sentence3	Cymbalta works better than anything I have tried.
cymbalta.Post146.Sentence4	I have been on Cymbalta for 2 days and I can all ready feel the positive effects.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence1	Yawning, which subsided after a few weeks.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence2	Itching, which comes and goes.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence3	Vivid dreams , which can be rather interesting.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence4	Decreased appetite , which is rather nice.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence5	Diarrhea , which can be extremely annoying, but I am figuring ways to minimize it (taking it on a full stomach is helping).
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence6	This medication has changed my life for the better.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence7	I felt its positive effects within a day or two, and pressed through the initial side effects because I was so encouraged by the anti-depressive features.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence8	After one week on 30mg, my MD increased my dosage to 60mg This did not help me!
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence9	My condition deteriorated rapidly, at which point my doctor wanted to increase the dosage further.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence10	I insisted that 30mg was working wonders, and he reluctantly prescribed a 2 week course at 30mg Well, that's where I've remained for 3 months now.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence11	I'm very glad that I persisted with my opinion regarding the dosage.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence12	The doctor still claims that 30mg is not even considered a therapeutic dose, but I know what works.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence13	I do continue to have digestive issues with Cymbalta, but through trial and error, am learning to minimize this.
cymbalta.Post147.Sentence14	Taking it mid-day on a full stomach seems to be working for me most days.
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence1	dry mouth(first couple days) , tremors(spasms) , sleeping more , loss of energy , sweating , lost interest in sex because had trouble climaxing .
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence2	overall this medicine worked.
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence3	noticed change in a day or two.
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence4	i took 60mg for four maybe five months but have gone off cold turkey.
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence5	been six days so far.
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence6	only problem so far is vertigo.
cymbalta.Post148.Sentence7	feels like my brain is riding a wave every once in a while
cymbalta.Post149.Sentence1	The primary "side effect" for me is a CONSTANT ringing (buzz) in the ears.
cymbalta.Post149.Sentence2	In reviewing others comments, I seem to be the only one experiencing this side effect.
cymbalta.Post149.Sentence3	Overall, I am very pleased with the effect it's had on my outlook and interaction with family and friends.
cymbalta.Post149.Sentence4	My daily dosage is 60mg
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence1	Not sleeping , chills and fever , inability to drink alcohol .
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence2	This drug works wonders, can feel it working immediately.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence3	This is the best I have felt in many years.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence4	I didnt realize how bad I was.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence5	All the anxiety and doom and gloom have just dissappeared.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence6	This is a very powerful drug and anyone that takes it needs to decide what is important, the drug works but it is a seriously strong drug and has many many crazy side effects.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence7	I only sleep a few hours a night , have chills , and feel like I am on speed or extacy , but wow, i feel so much happier.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence8	My family and friends have all noticed how happier I am.
cymbalta.Post150.Sentence9	It works, but the questions is, are you ready to deal with a drug this powerful?
cymbalta.Post151.Sentence1	Decreased libido .
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence1	When taking at night, Cymbalta caused insomnia something awful.
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence2	I would have heart palpitations and awake 3-4X a night .
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence3	My doctor switched my dosage time to morning and I noticed a world of change.
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence4	My only symptom now is sweating (clammy feeling) .
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence5	My mood is a serious one with some laughter.
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence6	I wonder if anyone has figured out how to find the return of the "fun and "carefree" side of themselves?
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence7	Great drug!
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence8	Initially I felt as if I was "awakened."
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence9	This seemed to subside.
cymbalta.Post152.Sentence10	Don't know if I am used to it or it is no longer effective?
cymbalta.Post153.Sentence1	horrible migraines but i have had migraines since early childhood,this medicine just caused more frequency and higher degree of pain with headaches ,best medicine for depression that i had ever taken and worked instantly.
cymbalta.Post153.Sentence2	I must say that i felt the happiest i had ever felt in my life except for the extreme migraines ,Due to the frequency of the migraines i discontinued cymbalta ,wish i could go back on it.
cymbalta.Post153.Sentence3	I did suffer some withdrawl depressive symptoms after stopping the medicines but felt better in about two weeks
cymbalta.Post154.Sentence1	nausea/ weight loss the first month.
cymbalta.Post154.Sentence2	After the first month, it is the the best thing that has ever happened to me.
cymbalta.Post154.Sentence3	I feel like i did before the depression ever happened.
cymbalta.Post155.Sentence1	After weaning off Cymbalta, I lost my sense of smell.
cymbalta.Post155.Sentence2	It's been over a year now, and I still have not regained it.
cymbalta.Post155.Sentence3	Every now and then I get a whiff of something, but it hasn't stayed.
cymbalta.Post155.Sentence4	Why isn't this side effect discussed or indicated as a side effect?
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence1	Racing brain , not sleep well , dry mouth , sexual disfunction , bad memory , bad dreams , endless energy .
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence2	All medicines have side effects!
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence3	it is how it effects the individual in different ways.
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence4	Up until now I have been taking Endep for the pain and neuropathy and Citropalapram for depression .
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence5	These drugs both had similar side effects to Cymbalta and hard to withdraw from with bad withdrawal symptoms the only difference is the Endep knocked me out at night and I slept well, only very drousy and tired during the day, sexual disfunction just the same.
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence6	So I figure in my mind that having one tablet to take and only pay for just one lot of medication ($34.20Aud) has to have a plus and only one set of side effects and withdrawal symptoms to cope with is even more a plus.
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence7	By the way, with Citropalapram had endless energy for the first year or so then just felt worn out and tired after that.
cymbalta.Post156.Sentence8	Having said that also, it saved my life as I was so bad before taking the drugs all I wanted to do was die to stop the dark depression and pain , so I think I have done well.
cymbalta.Post157.Sentence1	sweats , weight gain , dry mouth at beginning .
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence1	little sleepy at first , then dosage was increased from 30mg to 60 mg after the first week & I felt better.
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence2	Loss of appetite , weight loss , a bit of a headache about an hour after taking it.
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence3	This med has really helped me.
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence4	I'm able to focus and this is one of the only anti-depressant meds that doesn't make me feel zoned out and spacey.
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence5	(I've taken Wellbutrin, Lexapro and Paxil in the past with mexed results.)
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence6	If you can deal with the initial side effects, which seem to subside, this drug is worth it.
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence7	That's just my opinion.
cymbalta.Post158.Sentence8	Good luck, everyone.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence1	initial side effects lasted a week or so - bug eyed , dizzy, nausea - just like with any anti-Dep.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence2	The lasting ones: decrease in appetite, change in food cravings - from carbs to sugar - down 2 sizes :) this is a weird one.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence3	when i would find insects and spiders in the house, i would kill them.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence4	now i either leave them alone, or take them outside to a spot i think they would like - i said it was weird!
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence5	when i forget to eat, i get the shakes - low blood sugar.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence6	my finger pads seem wrinkly - like a person forty years older than me.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence7	I have gone the fruit route - i will eat 4-5 apples/oranges/pears in one sitting, no diarrhea or constipation.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence8	Takes care of the sugar craving - i used to eat vegies lots and hardly any fruit, now it's reversed.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence9	Also eat less meat - kind of grosses me out now .
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence10	but i crave pecans, almonds etcIncreased mood SUBSTANTIALLY - although still very reactive around menstruation.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence11	Sometimes feel JOY - dancing around the house, energetic, feel good about myself, most times just feel balanced, calm.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence12	Much improvement from the suicidal ideation , dysphoria , depression .
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence13	bit borderline too, and obsessive negative self thoughts.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence14	it's the FIRST antiDep i've tried where there's a POSITIVE difference!
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence15	From the sounds of the other posts, it doesn't have this effect on everyone.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence16	I would encourage you to speak to your doctor right away if some of those really bad side effects occur - this drug is so new, there's no long term studies on it, so we don't know how it reacts with different symptoms, different physiology.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence17	For me, i noticed within 2 days that the rumination was all but ceased.
cymbalta.Post159.Sentence18	I've never noticed any previous AntiDep's effect until well over a month (prozac, effexor, celexa and wellbutrin combo) and none of them has actually made me feel GOOD about myself.
cymbalta.Post160.Sentence1	severe night sweats and increased sweating during the day , and somewhat difficult (but not impossible) to reach orgasm.
cymbalta.Post160.Sentence2	I had intense headaches for the first 3 days of taking Cymbalta, but then the depression "fog" cleared and I felt much less weighed down by my thoughts .
cymbalta.Post160.Sentence3	During the first few months of taking Cymbalta (30 mg) I used to wake up at least 2X during the night to change pajamas & sheets/bedding due to intense sweating & was losing lots of sleep .
cymbalta.Post160.Sentence4	Now I don't wake up until morning but I am soaked with sweat .
cymbalta.Post160.Sentence5	Overall, I have felt more like myself & much less depressed , but occassionally when I experience a setback, I don't dwell as much on my sad thoughts.
cymbalta.Post160.Sentence6	Both my therapist & psychiatrist are extremely puzzled by the instense sweating, as though they're hearing of this side effect for the first time.
cymbalta.Post161.Sentence1	some fatigue , some brief episodes of heart fibrulation, decreased sex drive , slightly less appetite .
cymbalta.Post161.Sentence2	I'm pretty happy with this drug.
cymbalta.Post161.Sentence3	My depression has lifted a lot and the obsessive thinking about my breakup has diminished greatly.
cymbalta.Post161.Sentence4	I'm feeling much more muyself.
cymbalta.Post161.Sentence5	I would say my feelings are slightly muted , but in the normal range.
cymbalta.Post162.Sentence1	Constipation , vivid dreams and restless sleep patterns .
cymbalta.Post162.Sentence2	Overall this med helped me with my energy levels and fatigue.
cymbalta.Post162.Sentence3	I know longer feel tired in the afternoons, I no longer cry at the drop of a hat and I feel alert and focused.
cymbalta.Post162.Sentence4	Prior to taking this, I was a trembling , sappy mess who could not think about holding a job .
cymbalta.Post162.Sentence5	Now I am on my second interview thanks to Cymbalta
cymbalta.Post163.Sentence1	Was just taken off Celexa because it did not do anything for me except for the horrible side effects.
cymbalta.Post163.Sentence2	Was switched to Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post163.Sentence3	Have only been using 3 days, but have experienced No side effects yet-hoping thats a good sign!
cymbalta.Post163.Sentence4	Havent noticed the meds working yet, but no pains compared to celexa.
cymbalta.Post163.Sentence5	Hoping this one is better!
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence1	had been terribly tired for months .
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence2	My doctor suggested I try taking the Cymbalta at night instead of the morning because he thought that was what may be making me tired.
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence3	Since then, I have had moderate insomnia .
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence4	I will go back to taking it in the morning and see if it helps.
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence5	My doctor increased my dosage from 60mg to 120mg She had just went to a seminar on the study of cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence6	The study showed that by doulbling the dose it helps to control the appetite in some people.
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence7	Since then, I have felt so much better.
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence8	I don't feel as tired and I have not had all of the food cravings that I usually have.
cymbalta.Post164.Sentence9	So, I will stick with it and see how it works out.
cymbalta.Post165.Sentence1	none.
cymbalta.Post165.Sentence2	Was great, until I changed insurance plans.
cymbalta.Post165.Sentence3	Very costly.
cymbalta.Post165.Sentence4	Changed to inexpensive Prozac without and changes noted, except in my pocketbook.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence1	Initially some mild headaches and vision blurring.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence2	Now I get mild headaches, head buzzing or light headedness if I miss a dose.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence3	Some stomach discomfort occasionally for a few minutes right after taking it.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence4	Often can't stop yawning about 3:30 PM daily for about an hour.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence5	This really kicked me out of the doldrums quite quickly.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence6	I lost weight and felt great.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence7	After 7 months I do not feel any depression or anxiety but am not sure if I even need it anymore either.
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence8	Have gained back all of the weight I lost and have a big appetite .
cymbalta.Post166.Sentence9	I would recommend this medication - Wellbutrin didn't do a thing for me.
cymbalta.Post167.Sentence1	When I first started Cymbalta (30mg) I had a major decrease in my appetite and a lot of trouble sleeping .
cymbalta.Post167.Sentence2	By week three I felt better and was feeling less stressed and happier.
cymbalta.Post167.Sentence3	I was without Cymbalta for about 4 days, and I felt horrible.
cymbalta.Post167.Sentence4	I was very dizzy and sick to my stomach.
cymbalta.Post167.Sentence5	I am fearful that it will be a difficult withdrawal process when the time comes to stop the medication.
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence1	First day nausea .
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence2	but started taking with a ginger capsule, now no problem with nausea.
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence3	I feel happier, less "blue" I do have problems sleeping thru the night (I'm writing this at 4:30 am) but am hoping with continued dosage, that will subside.
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence4	I have noticed decreased appetite and leg twitching (can't sit still) .
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence5	Hopefully these side effects will subside after a couple more days/weeks.
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence6	One other thing is dry mouth .
cymbalta.Post168.Sentence7	none of these side effects bad enough to discontinue drug so far.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence1	vertigo , sweating , vivid dreams (though at times quite entertaining).
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence2	I wanted to add some comments that I forgot.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence3	My weight has been the same during the entire time I have been on Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence4	I have had no sexual side effects.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence5	I feel that it IS still working for the joint pain and somewhat for the depression , however, not as well as it was and I'd rather not increase the dosage.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence6	Instead my doctor has added Prozac, 10mg I can't offer any feedback on that yet, because today is the first day I have taken it.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence7	I have been on Prozac in the past, Lexapro-which worked great for a year then nothing, and coming off of it was horrible.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence8	I choose to stay on Cymbalta because of it's wonderful help with my joint pain .
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence9	I honestly could not function as I do without it.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence10	I had no idea that it was used for fibromyalgia patients and the lack of pain was noticed before the help with the depression .
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence11	I wish it didn't make me sweat more but it's a side effect I'll live with.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence12	To anyone that is trying it and experiencing some of the dizziness and nausea, I encourage you to stick it out.
cymbalta.Post169.Sentence13	It DOES get better!
cymbalta.Post170.Sentence1	Loose stools , gas , some fatigue soon after dose.
cymbalta.Post170.Sentence2	If I miss a dose-irritability with long and vivid dreams.
cymbalta.Post170.Sentence3	This medication definitely stabilizes me, but I'm concerned by how quickly my mood goes out of control with brain zaps when I go even 36 hours without a dose.
cymbalta.Post170.Sentence4	Withdrawal is much worse than the condition I'm treating!
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence1	Constipation (1200 mg calcium gel caps is a remedy), the first day I experience,d 1 or 2 hrs of nausea first day only , dizziness has been eliminated by taking the 60 mgs at night !
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence2	1 brain zapper after 10 months during a migraine headache which was a very sharp pain that radiated from my head and downmy back that was shocking and lasted a total of maybe 1 second.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence3	I have relief from major depression , anxiety , suicidal thoughts are becoming fewer, I also take 200 mg of zoloft which I find to be less affective compared to cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence4	Yesterday, Christmas day began with a crying episode that I could NOT shake for several hours that included hopelessness in a major way.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence5	I was Determined NOT to remain depressed so I first tried 1/2mg ativan followed by an additional dose of 60 mg of cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence6	Gradually over 3 hrs the heavy dark shroud of miserable depression began to fall away.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence7	It has been over 24 hrs.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence8	NO DEPRESSION
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence9	This was my miracle on Christmas day.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence10	Uncertain about night and day sweats as that has been around for a decade due to menopause and a total hysterectomy.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence11	I sleep at night, no nightmares and my dreams are , REALLY VIVID as I am a VISUAL ARTIST.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence12	I do wake up refreshed.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence13	A few times I have experienced theo peripheral shadows, 1 second, then gone but I now realize what they are and they no longer scare the hell out of me.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence14	I will accept the annoying side affects if cymbalta continues to keep the grim reaper , depression and anxiety , OUT of lifejourney.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence15	I look forward to each step where scientists take one further towards a better life for those who suffer.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence16	Hopefully this forum of exchange will be a step forward in reaching the cure all miracle drug.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence17	In the mean time take advantage of the progress that have been made.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence18	Blessings to all of you who still suffer.
cymbalta.Post171.Sentence19	Oh, sex life; try a roller coaster ride to work you up to it .
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence1	Immediately gave relief of peace, loss of depression , no more sadness , and overall terrible body pain disappeared.
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence2	I felt happy for the first time in more years than I could remember.
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence3	But I am so tired , all I want to do with my spare time is sleep and Now I am suffering severe anxiety daily as never before that I try to treat with Clonozpam.
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence4	I am worried that the anxiety attacks will cause me to do something totally illogical and dangerous to myself.
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence5	Don't know what to do, Don't want the depression or to have someone else step in to act "on my best interest" but need to resolve anxiety issues.
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence6	No trouble sleeping; had been on Ambien CR whiich had topped working, but now I sleep all the time .
cymbalta.Post172.Sentence7	Is there a smaller dose than 30 mg that might lower the anxiety and sleepiness ?
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence1	Jaw clenching , insomnia , excessive yawning , tiredness & nausea if not taken with food.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence2	Most of these side effects diminished markedly after 2 weeks.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence3	I wanted to make a positive comment about Cymbalta as there is a lot of negative out there on the internet.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence4	I noticed a major improvement in my depression after 2 weeks.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence5	The side effects that I experienced were not debilitating, the only one that bothers me is the waking through the night but I think that's improving now.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence6	I do not get any negative effects if I take my dose a couple of hours late.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence7	This is the 4th antidepressant I've tried in the past 6 months & the first to give me any relief from my depression .
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence8	I was put off by all the negative comments, but am glad I went ahead.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence9	I think people are more inclined to post on these sites when they've had a bad time with a drug than when things are going well.
cymbalta.Post173.Sentence10	I gave it a 4 out of 5 as it's still early days, but I'm very hopeful; I was in a bad, bad way before Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence1	went from Paxil directly to Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence2	I felt uncomfortable in my own body for weeks ,but not enough to quit.
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence3	It is a feeling difficult to describe, everyone is different, you will know it if you ever experience it.
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence4	Over the course of time.
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence5	I gained an additional 20lbs I am fatigue d, have fluid retention , my pain has broken through again and my depression has come back .
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence6	I am now on 90 mg My doctor suggested I try 120 mg I don't know what to do.
cymbalta.Post174.Sentence7	To sum it up, Cymbalta is a good medicine to try if nothing else is helping and especially if you have fibro and depression .
cymbalta.Post175.Sentence1	weight loss , initially nausea , but the nausea subsided after ~3 weeks.
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence1	dry mouth , chronic forgetfulness , a mental 'haze', it feels like i am peeing every liquid out of my body .
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence2	Overall, I really feel positive about this drug, at least for myself.
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence3	It has been powerful at curing anxiety , depression and mental clutter .
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence4	I feel as if my mind is constantly a cool calm pond .
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence5	I do however feel a blunting of my emotional life and I wish that were not the case.
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence6	I also take trazadone with the cymbalta, does anyone have experience with these two drugs together?
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence7	if you do, please email me!
cymbalta.Post176.Sentence8	I hope everyone is finding healing even if it is not through this particular drug.
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence1	Initially; dizziness , brain zaps, weight loss, nausea.
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence2	These dissipated after a couple of months.
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence3	Now I have night sweats and my body temperature has increased .
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence4	My weight has stablised and I am seven pounds heavier than I used to be, but I have a decreased appetite .
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence5	As others have said, the withdrawals happen very quickly - I get pins and needles in my face and tongue (how bizzarre!)
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence6	within hours of missing a dose.
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence7	I have found that this has helped my depression and anxiety very much.
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence8	I no longer have suicidal thoughts (which i had lived with for fifteen years), I no longer am extremely anxious and negative .
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence9	It has not helped my hypersomnia - I can still sleep for up to 14 hours a day .
cymbalta.Post177.Sentence10	Am looking at changing my meds (I also take a small dose of Lamictal every day) as I am very unmotivated and slightly depressed at the moment but I think t could be to do with my life circumstances which aren't great right now.
cymbalta.Post178.Sentence1	Constipation , lucid dreams , apathy (which is better sometimes than worrying about everything).
cymbalta.Post179.Sentence1	Major weight gain , 30 lbs in 2 years .
cymbalta.Post179.Sentence2	Works great for my depression , but caused excessive hunger leading to a 30 lb weight gain in 2 years.
cymbalta.Post179.Sentence3	My doctor took me off it 4 days ago and immediatly switched me over to Wellbutrin XL the next day.
cymbalta.Post179.Sentence4	I have been having terrible withdrawl symtoms almost immedatly after stopping the med, dizziness, headache, nausea, sweating, I went back to the doctor today and got Cymbalta 30 mg tabs (I had been on 60mg) and now are being weened gradually while still continuing the Wellbutrin XL.
cymbalta.Post179.Sentence5	After taking the 30 mg tab this morning I already feel much better.
cymbalta.Post179.Sentence6	Be careful coming off this, it is a very powerful drug.
cymbalta.Post180.Sentence1	Increased sweatiness , extremely oily skin and acne , weight gain , strange dreams , alternating insomnia and then fatigue , and constipation .
cymbalta.Post180.Sentence2	After taking Cymbalta for about 8 weeks, I felt a lot better mentally.
cymbalta.Post180.Sentence3	I recently was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Cymbalta is a terrible choice for PCOS patients as it can raise insulin levels (which causes weight gain and lots of the other side effects that are already PCOS issues).
cymbalta.Post180.Sentence4	I have just weaned off this onto Lexapro and don't seem to have any serious side effects.
cymbalta.Post180.Sentence5	My skin is clearer and the sweatiness has subsided.
cymbalta.Post181.Sentence1	hot sweats , regular powerful muscle aches , loss of sexual libdo, 40 lbs weight gain .
cymbalta.Post181.Sentence2	I don't know if its worth it
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence1	Insomnia , dry mouth , constipation , nausea .
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence2	I had a really rough year last year which included a fmaily member dying, getting out of a bad relationship, and almost getting kicked out of school.
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence3	My doctor put me on 30mg for a week then bumped me up to 60mg which I've been on for 2 months.
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence4	It has worked wonders for me.
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence5	The best time for me to take it is around 5pm with a good meal.
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence6	This gets rid of nausea and lessens the insomnia and dry mouth .
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence7	I take a stool softener to help with the constipation .
cymbalta.Post182.Sentence8	I get to taper down to 30mg in about 3 weeks then eventually get back to normal life
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence1	On 60 mg, took away depression , took away anger 'Lizzie Borden' complex.
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence2	On 120 mg 11 months later, depression has lifted and general anxiety has decreased overall, but I feel like I am always 'shaking' and ' cannot breathe ', and I cannot sleep any longer than 3 hours per night .
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence3	I have been taking Cymbalta (60 mg once a day) since late December 2007) I was amazed at how quickly it began to lift my mood.
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence4	It also greatly lessened what I have heard called the 'Lizzy Borden' complex ( extreme anger and outbursts ).
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence5	I am bi-polar , and have also taken Lamictal 100 mg once per day on and off in the past.
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence6	In the past two weeks however, my mood really dropped, and I was feeling suicidal .
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence7	The doctor then put me back on Lamictal and told me to stay on it, and raised my Cymbalta level to 120 mg I started taking the higher dose this past Monday (11-3-08).
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence8	Today is Sunday, 11-9-08) In the past three nights, I have been experiencing insomnia .
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence9	I am really, really shaky , nervous , a bit tense and I feel like I am having heart palpitations .
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence10	The other night I had a very strange dream that my husband was married to my mother and he was 'dating' me, although he wasn't supposed to.
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence11	I was also pregnant in the dream!
cymbalta.Post183.Sentence12	Kind of freaked me out.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence1	love Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence2	No negative sexual side effects, no brain zaps - but I consistently take it.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence3	Definately not weight gain.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence4	not sure on a decrease.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence5	Yes - you may have difficulty sleeping , I take Trazadone but have for years.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence6	I did a rapid decline on my cymbalta because I lost my insurance.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence7	I was on 60s and did a few days of 30's and quite.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence8	I didn't have bad withdrawal.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence9	I didn't think but about a week later I started having severe pain on my right back side.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence10	A few days later I was in the hospital with bilateral pulmonary emboli.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence11	I am a low risk person (no smoking, low weight, am on birth control) but I definately believe that my PEs were a result of the rapid decline in Cymbalta.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence12	I did have a body rash (Malasezia) and other symptoms of my body experiencing a pH or general shift .
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence13	I also had a pleural effusion and was hospitalized for over a day.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence14	It was very very difficult to get my pain under control - they had me maxed out on narcotics.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence15	It was determined that the withdrawal of Cymbalta was giving me additional muscle spasms/tinges and I went back on 30 mg of Cymbalta to help with my level 12 pain - and it worked.
cymbalta.Post184.Sentence16	Weird but true.
effexorXR.Post84.Sentence1	headaches and insomnia .
effexorXR.Post86.Sentence1	Day One - spacey , Day Two - nauseous , tight neck and head muscles , internal hot flushing accompanied by weakness and trembling , Day Three - nauseous , increased heart rate , warmer than usual , increased anxiety , Day Four - nauseous , digestive upsets , tight neck and jaw, prickling & tingling on skin , flushing , increased anxiety , experiencing zaps when falling asleep , woke in the middle of the night very hot , anxious , prickly , got scared, didn't take the med on Day 5, now decided I will try to tough it out, Day 6 - took it an hour ago.
effexorXR.Post86.Sentence2	so far just tight neck and head muscles .
effexorXR.Post86.Sentence3	Too early to tell.
effexorXR.Post86.Sentence4	I've read enough posts that I think I need to just get through the hell of the first two weeks and then move up to 75 mg and see what happens.
effexorXR.Post86.Sentence5	Very anxious (duh!)
effexorXR.Post86.Sentence6	about the whole process.
effexorXR.Post87.Sentence1	I couldn't take Effexor XR which is extended release.
effexorXR.Post87.Sentence2	It gave me horrible nightmares and I kept waking up .
effexorXR.Post87.Sentence3	I found on the regular Effexor that I didn't have any of these symptoms because it wears off.
effexorXR.Post88.Sentence1	INTENSE JAW PAIN , TREMORS , INSOMNIA , LACK OF SEXUAL DESIRE , DRY MOUTH , MOOD SWINGS .
effexorXR.Post89.Sentence1	If I do not take this drug, I become severely, despondent.
effexorXR.Post89.Sentence2	Cry, irritable, then I start to have untimely jerkiness.
effexorXR.Post89.Sentence3	Promotes seizures .
effexorXR.Post89.Sentence4	I some times forget, whether I have taken dose.
effexorXR.Post89.Sentence5	Have trouble with memory .
effexorXR.Post90.Sentence1	anxiety .
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence1	yawning , spaciness , dizziness , insomnia , affected my impulse control, increased appetite , headache .
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence2	I was torn about this drug.
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence3	It definitely alleviated my suicidal thoughts and after 2 months, I felt I was in a grey area rather than deep black .
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence4	BUT, hated the physical side effects, I took valerian (okayed by doctor) to offset the insomina - but weirdest was I realized only after I went off it how it affected my eating habits - I put on weight - around 10 lbs - in the 2.5 months on it - no impulse control and "munchy" syndrome - this was counterproductive as I had lost a lot and putting it on made me depressed!
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence5	Withdrawal was odd - first 2 days nothing, then the third day, waves of nausea, headache, dizziness.
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence6	Day 4 and 5 and now (Day 6) DEFINITE brain zaps - didn't know what people were talking about until they started - NOT nice .
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence7	and I was only on 2.5 months .
effexorXR.Post91.Sentence8	overall - DOES do what it is supposed to do - you need to weight whether it is worth the side effects
effexorXR.Post92.Sentence1	Erectile dysfunction , delayed ejaculation , abnormal dreams , can't stay asleep , forgetting to eat , extreme nausea , headache s and reoccurence of ocular migraines.
effexorXR.Post92.Sentence2	Intially worked great for pain .
effexorXR.Post92.Sentence3	Still works for the other two.
effexorXR.Post92.Sentence4	Thought most side effects would be gone.
effexorXR.Post92.Sentence5	Instead most seem to be getting worse.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence1	vivid nightmares , night sweats , loss of libido , other sexual dysfunction s, horrible withdrawel symptons, very little emotions regarding sinificant others, still have sleeping problems but i don't think effexor made it worse.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence2	i started on 75mg and made my way up to 150) i may have gone too fast though becuase i got numb in my face and hands with tingles that sometimes would move up my arms and shoulders.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence3	i didnt think it was the drugs at the time.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence4	after i got used to it 150mg was great.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence5	I stoped hating myself , and depression subsided.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence6	Yet i had vivid nightmares that were really horrible and i started to get night sweats real bad .
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence7	showering at night became useless.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence8	after a while though 150 started to lose its effectiveness and subsequently i got moved up to 225) now i feel like an emotional wall .
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence9	i am happy though which has never been the case.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence10	It comes at a price though; nothing penetrates the surface, i don't care really about anyone for more then a minute.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence11	music doesn't sound as good.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence12	i still have anxiety ; no panic attacks .
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence13	NO libido , fo anything/anyone.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence14	nightmores have subsided.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence15	The real problem is the withdrawel.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence16	within a few hours of missing a dose i start to feel weird.
effexorXR.Post93.Sentence17	within 24 its an all out acid t
effexorXR.Post94.Sentence1	Initially sick all of the time .
effexorXR.Post94.Sentence2	Now on it for three years and have gained 25 pounds.
effexorXR.Post94.Sentence3	Decreased sex drive .
effexorXR.Post94.Sentence4	Emotionally much better and able to function but getting depressed about the side effects.
effexorXR.Post94.Sentence5	It has helped me to be a better parent but the side effects are getting to hard to handle.
effexorXR.Post94.Sentence6	I am afraid of withdrawl.
effexorXR.Post95.Sentence1	night sweats , insomnia but when I did fall asleep vivid dreams , teeth clenching , decreased motivation , irratibility.
effexorXR.Post95.Sentence2	Crying bouts improved
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence1	Nausea in morning , Dizziness , Heart rate increases quickly with exertion, occasional head rush , most distressing aspect is foggy thinking - sluggish thoughts .
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence2	I am only on 37.5 mg of Effexor XR and have taken it for 6 days.
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence3	The first day I was extremely nauseous and almost fainted when lifting a heavy object .
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence4	Since then, it has improved my mood greatly but I think this is due to my inability to think about many things at once.
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence5	my slowed mindset has prevented excessive worrying which caused my feeling sad and pessimistic in the first place.
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence6	Unfortunately, I am being told by my physician that I am going to be gradually increased to 150mg/day since this is the typical treatment regime.
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence7	I am nervous about this as I am uncomfortable with the loss of my cognitive capacity with this drug.
effexorXR.Post96.Sentence8	This is the first time I have been treated medically for depression and I have not been diagnosed by a specialist.
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence1	Early on, naseau and sleeplessness.
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence2	After a year and now on 225 mg I am sweating like crazy all the time , I get tingles in my hands and if I miss a dose I get dizzy and foggy and brain shivers.
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence3	I am not able to leave the house until the meds kick in because I am physically just very sick .
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence4	I have developed an ulcer given the medication is very hard on your stomach and recently had my eyes checked and now I have developed glaucoma (another lovely side effect of this drug) Never did get my sex drive back .
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence5	Gained 40 pounds .
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence6	This drug has changed my life but it has now become so problematic given all the negative side effects that I am not so sure it has changed my life for all the better.
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence7	From what I understand getting off this drug is horrible.
effexorXR.Post97.Sentence8	I am very worried about this.
effexorXR.Post98.Sentence1	weight gain mostly and i think my dose is too high, when i was first put on it it was just 75mg and i have gradually increased it to 300mg sometimes - now i think this high dose has caused me to have an excessive appetitte.
effexorXR.Post98.Sentence2	i am worried about trying to cut down gradually as i read so much scary stuff about going off it
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence1	Constapation , vivid dreams .
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence2	It has helped my depression , but I hate the weight gain , and I have a constant feeling/need to eat .
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence3	The withdrawl symptoms are horrible if you miss a dose.
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence4	Vertigo, nausea, muscle aches, flu-like symptoms, diarreha.
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence5	I won't off this medicine due to the horrible side effects, withdrawl symptoms and weight gain .
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence6	But it is miserable.
effexorXR.Post99.Sentence7	Its great for depression and anxiety , but I would not recommed it due to the horrible side effects and withdrawl symptoms.
effexorXR.Post100.Sentence1	want to get off this drug.
effexorXR.Post100.Sentence2	If you miss a dose you get dizzy, confused, and have weird dreams.
effexorXR.Post100.Sentence3	It is suppose to be not addictive but it has all the side effects of an addictive drug.
effexorXR.Post100.Sentence4	I have gained weight and find it very difficult to lose it.
effexorXR.Post100.Sentence5	I am tired most of the time , still depressed and very sad .
effexorXR.Post100.Sentence6	I wish I did not take this drug.
effexorXR.Post101.Sentence1	severe sleep disturbances , abnormal ejaculation , anorexia .
effexorXR.Post101.Sentence2	This drug helped me for a while, it is powerful and addictive, and its half life is short, thus weaning yourself from it is an agony.
effexorXR.Post101.Sentence3	withdrawal symptoms are so bad and unbearable.
effexorXR.Post101.Sentence4	when deciding to cut off, Taper as far as you can.
effexorXR.Post102.Sentence1	Changes in sexual function once we got into the higher doses (I eventually was up to 375 mg), also began getting night sweats at the higher doses, which is ultimately why I stopped taking it.
effexorXR.Post102.Sentence2	It also made me sweat and feel hot a lot more often .
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence1	Inability to orgasm on dosages higher than 75mg a day.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence2	Slight apathy and abscent-mindedness (I make lots of typos , etc).
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence3	I guess that's because it's an effective anti-anxiety drug for me.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence4	Apart from that, no adverse side-effects.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence5	Before Effexor XR, I tried: paxil, citalopram, sertraline and trazadone.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence6	None of them helped much.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence7	Some made me feel worse.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence8	Effexor is the first antidepressant that has really helped.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence9	And I noticed positive effects from day one.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence10	My anxiety is much improved.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence11	I sleep better.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence12	I get fewer tension headaches.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence13	My energy levels are back to normal.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence14	I still sometimes feel unmotivated on waking up in the morning, but I don't want to increase the dose above 75mg because of the anorgasmia , and the potential difficulties in eventually quitting the drug.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence15	I did try 150mg a day for a week, but the benefits didn't increase.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence16	The main benefits for me are the reduction of anxiety and the improvement in my energy levels .
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence17	I used to take Ativan for anxiety , but that made me absent-minded.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence18	Effexor doesn't make me so absent-minded.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence19	It hasn't really lifted my mood much, but my mood wasnt really my problem.
effexorXR.Post103.Sentence20	My problem was severe debility , brought on, I think, by long-term anxiety .
effexorXR.Post104.Sentence1	Sleepy all the time and have put on weight, but not sure if either of these can be directly connected to the drug.
effexorXR.Post105.Sentence1	sweating , severe tremors , chest pain , Withdrawl side effects: brain flashes, emotional, irrational, aggressive, angry, diahhorea, stomach cramps, vomiting, unable to relax or sleep- these got better after about 2 weeks, but still hanging around.
effexorXR.Post105.Sentence2	extremely hard to withdraw from
effexorXR.Post106.Sentence1	lethargic , unusual dreams , yawning , difficulty reaching orgasm .
effexorXR.Post106.Sentence2	I was diagnosed with " double depression ".Started on 37.5 mg for about 2 weeks, no change, only very sleepy , missed worked , switched to taking at night, uppped to 75mg for a week or two, helped a little bit, I was at an extremely depressed point in my life before I started and it got me back to my "regular" state of derpression .
effexorXR.Post106.Sentence3	I am now on 150mg, with hope that is will just get better.
effexorXR.Post106.Sentence4	my ONLY side effects have been listed, but mainly unusual vivid dreams .
effexorXR.Post106.Sentence5	My cocern is that I read more negative reviews of effexor than positive and it is really scary - ANYONE HAVE A GOOD EXPERIENCE ON THIS?
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence1	Shaking , Irritable , Energy, later fatigue , constipation , anxiousness , anxiety attacks , craving sweets , flu like symptoms , ear ache , weak , as if my heart was overly stressed if I done the least little thing.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence2	My experience with effexor has been a mess.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence3	I'd have days on 75 mg 1 a day that I'd wake up early and be n a cleaning jolly mood until someone else stepped n that space whether by phone or n person.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence4	Well except for my boyfriend.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence5	But by the end of the day I'd b tired and easliy irritated.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence6	I was also on 200 mg wellbutrin sr 2x day.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence7	My pshyc Lowered my wellbutrin to 150 mg 2x day after one mth of the 400 mg my regular doc had prescribed and raised my effexor xr to 225 mg a day 3 75mg pills n the morning.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence8	Things ain't so good.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence9	Can't tolerate much.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence10	My man touching me, my child talking in a loud tone, or someone even just interrupting me with myself time which I want all the time it seems.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence11	Think I'm gonna call my pshyc.
effexorXR.Post107.Sentence12	Monday before I hurt someone, myself, or just their feelings
effexorXR.Post108.Sentence1	EXTREME DRY MOUTH , but not until I was taking it for over 4 years.
effexorXR.Post108.Sentence2	Please email me if you have ever experienced DRY MOUTH symptoms that started later on in treatment (not initially)
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence1	sweating , dizziness , severe dry mouth ( coughing all night , can't talk without choking ), itchy scalp , insomnia , constipation , hard stool , gas , racing thoughts , teeth grinding , agitation , severe loss of short term memory , moments of enhanced colors , tired all the time , blurry vision , extreme sensitivity to light and sound, insomnia and drunk feeling caused weak immune system , brief speedy moments periodically followed by extreme fatigue, one good day followed by three days of needing to sleep 15 hours , light headedness , loss of balance , complete loss of sex drive , void of emotion (And I am a singer songwriter, painter.)
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence2	Cannot currently sing due to my arid dry mouth and throat.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence3	Dosed at 35 to start, have built up to 225) I started out taking Xanax to battle my insominia, but it didn't do much.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence4	After other patients' ratings and experiences, I learned about Trazadone, I started to sleep, complete with vivid detailed dreams.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence5	At dose 75, I experience moments of bliss , and extreme colors.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence6	I came back out into the world, and started to see my friends again.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence7	It built up great courage, and reinstalled a strong sense of self esteem.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence8	Experienced extreme carb craving , and bizarre urge to consume alcohal all the time .
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence9	But after 3 weeks, it just stopped working.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence10	Thus, the dosage climb.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence11	Currently at 225, I am very agitated , dizzy , lightheaded , off balance , emotionless , and one week after I started taking Effexor XR, I saw obvious daily weight gain , bloated stomache constipation , etc And then the financial shock.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence12	Along with Levoxol for thyroid, Trazadone to sleep, Xanax to take the agitation edge of and the XR dose of 225, I am paying $398.00, every monthdue to being uninsured.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence13	(Monthly insurance costs about the same.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence14	So, if the depression doesn't eventually cripple you, the costs will.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence15	By the way, no one informed me of the withdrawl nightmare-the once you're in, you're in club.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence16	Seems like I'm trapped in a whole new kind of hell.
effexorXR.Post109.Sentence17	I hope this levels out.
effexorXR.Post110.Sentence1	Confusion , inability to concentrate , lack of motivation , no sex drive , agitation , incresed blood pressure , chronic constipation , vivid dreams , severe sweating .
effexorXR.Post110.Sentence2	On 225 mg This stuff just numbs me out .
effexorXR.Post110.Sentence3	It's not that I am not depressed anymore, I just don't care .
effexorXR.Post110.Sentence4	Impossible to concentrate , no desire to do anything .
effexorXR.Post110.Sentence5	Totally removes sex drive .
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence1	weight gain , sexual dysfunction , nausea .
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence2	My doctor said that Effexor would be the best drug for me since it is made to help depression and anxiety , both of which I have.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence3	It didn't help my anxiety at all but I definitely felt less depressed while on it.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence4	It almost made me feel like a care-free kid again.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence5	However, I gained 25 pounds on it and this just fueled my depression even more since I was close to being overweight before going on it.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence6	Going off it was hell too.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence7	I got the " brain zaps " that other people have mentioned.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence8	I also just felt like crap for days.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence9	I definitely don't think the good outweighs the bad.
effexorXR.Post111.Sentence10	I wouldn't recommend it.
effexorXR.Post112.Sentence1	The intial dry mouth and headache went away in a few days.
effexorXR.Post112.Sentence2	But my blood pressure (which had always been lo or lo normal) rose to 148/80 so I had to discontinue.
effexorXR.Post112.Sentence3	Oh, and did I mention the vivid dreams and nightmares .
effexorXR.Post112.Sentence4	Like Stephen Spielburg had moved into my head!
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence1	Brief headache , increased sweating at night .
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence2	Effexor has been fine in that it helped me function, but I've never actually felt like myself.
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence3	No real bad side effects unless I missed a dose then I'd cry a lot.
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence4	Still, it worked better than Prozac, Zoloft and Paxil.
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence5	However, I'm now on 300mg and it's not working at all any more, and I'm really afraid of withdrawal.
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence6	My doctor is immediately switching me from Effexor to Cymbalta because he says it's easier to withdraw from the latter.
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence7	I've heard horror stories out there about that one too.
effexorXR.Post113.Sentence8	Is there no drug that will help us?
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence1	weight gain , sweating , loss of libido , crave carbs - see additonal comments.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence2	effexor xr works well for my depression & anxiety .
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence3	However, beware!
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence4	I experienced loss of good judgement and loss of guilt when I started taking effexor xr.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence5	I quit my long-time job, divorced my husband of 17 years and moved out of state all in that first year!
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence6	I highly recommend that you do not make any life changing decisions until you and your doctor see how this medication affects you at the onset of taking this drug.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence7	This adversely affected every aspect of my life - personal & financial.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence8	Never had thoughts of "suicide" only thoughts of "suing" the pharmaceutical company.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence9	Note that this happened at the onset of taking effexor and I had no warning of this type of side effect.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence10	I take effexor xr 75mg daily - truely do not know if I still need it.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence11	I am so afraid of the withdrawal & aftermath that I may be taking it the rest of my life.
effexorXR.Post114.Sentence12	Very scarey thought.
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence1	Initially experienced loss of appetite & weight loss.
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence2	I also experienced an initial period of emotional numbness by which I mean I didn't feel I was experiencing my emotions normally no matter what it was I was feeling.
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence3	Now I find I have extremely vivid & bizarre dreams - some good, some bad.
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence4	Sweating has definitely increased as well as heat sensitivity.
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence5	I also found that after the initial period of appetite & weight loss, my appetite went back to normal & I have since gained quite a bit of weight .
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence6	I haven't experienced any sexual side effects which is a plus but I am really not happy about the weight gain .
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence7	I feel as though I have reached a plateau in my progress.
effexorXR.Post115.Sentence8	For a while I felt as though things were really improving, but recently it things seem almost like they were before I started.
effexorXR.Post116.Sentence1	not really my self sex drive gone sad things can happen and my tears arent there ,my weight gain over the years (5 yrs) 60 lbs now im dibetic and my cholestrol is high in part from being so lazy now from taking this med tried to wean off and i cant do it the side effects are horrible dizzy,my eyes dont work right, nausea.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence1	right now, what I'm dealing with is the inability to climax .
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence2	never noticed that before but since going back on Effexor, I do.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence3	Can get very turned on but just no release !
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence4	Bummer!
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence5	I, too, have dealt with withdrawal symptoms on several occasions (prev took Effexor for ten or so years), and agree that missing a dose can turn one into Mr. Hyde.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence6	My current doc agrees that it's one of the hardest meds to come off of, and promises that if we taper, it will be slower than crap.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence7	He felt I'd been trying so many different meds that didn't work, and that I hadn't been on a high enough dose of Effexor in the past for it to be effective.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence8	so far, seems to be helping keep my mood more stable but I do notice a kind of deadening of emotions - I know that was a concern of mine before when I took it.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence9	Better than wanting to OD, I suppose.
effexorXR.Post117.Sentence10	Am using yoga and chanting to help relax as well.
effexorXR.Post118.Sentence1	Dry Mouth ,.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence1	night sweats , very cool sexy vivid dreams , dizziness if I miss a dose, nothing serious compared to the good feeling I have when I take it regularly.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence2	There was some initial loss of sexual drive and difficulty achieving orgasm, which I attributed to menopause.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence3	Thankfully I have a wonderful husband who helped me past this and now sex is just as good or better than it ever was.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence4	I love it.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence5	I don't ever want to stop taking it.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence6	I take 78mg per day every morning and I like myself on this drug.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence7	I don't lose my temper , go into ranting raging fits anymore.
effexorXR.Post119.Sentence8	I may drink more than I did before, but still nothing serious, I do get a buzz quicker, but still would never have more than 1 drink through the week, or 2 or 3 on a Friday evening.
effexorXR.Post120.Sentence1	Excessive yawning , with a euphoric feeling each time I yawned , very spaced out , happy in another world , no withdrawal, no weight gain.
effexorXR.Post120.Sentence2	didnt get rid of my eating disorder , if anything it continued it.
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence1	Wild, life-like/real dreams ; definitely CANNOT skip a dose (wicked headache and dizziness).
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence2	Taking at same time is important, but at a low dose (150mg for past 3 years), can manage to go about 8 hours beyond usual dosage time with little effects.
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence3	The ' broken sleep ' however is frustrating.
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence4	and if a dose is missed, wow, the dreams and pyschedelic 'views' the mind kicks out when eyes are closed are absolutely incredible, scary, affects you the next day, etc Who needs to go to the movies?
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence5	Perhaps this is what Hollywood could use - keep a dream journal; you never know!
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence6	All that aside, at a remission-type dose (150 mg or less), if i don't start experiencing very unusual health affects, i intend to stay on this drug for a long while.
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence7	Mental illness (that is lack of serotonin) is just like any other defect the human body can have.
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence8	So, why not?
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence9	It helps me immensely, and the side affects are tolerable, as long as i don't provoke them by missing a dose.
effexorXR.Post121.Sentence10	Enjoy life however you can with whatever aid you need!
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence1	dry mouth , anorgasmic at first , strange dreams, meaning very vivid and colorful.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence2	However, now, they don't occur.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence3	Also, it used to regulate my sleep cycle to something more normal (like getting tired around 11 or 12).
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence4	Also, my appetite used to be more "normal" when I started, but now is back to more random eating/snacking .
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence5	I feel ambivalent about it every so often.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence6	There are reports about how people get addicted to it and feel "brain zaps" when trying to go off.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence7	As Effexor is my third anti-depressant, it's worked the best and I'm sick of shopping around.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence8	Even with the side effects, which aren't too bad and more just annoying, I can deal.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence9	However, I worry about the day when I decide to go off of them and determine if my depression is more chronic or clinical.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence10	I've gone a few days before without taking it and felt dizzy, tired, nauseous, and spacey.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence11	I'm afraid that the mild addiction will be enough to keep me on them forever, even if I show signs of recovery.
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence12	Also, if I'm on them forever, that could be bad news if I decide to have kids (in the way future).
effexorXR.Post122.Sentence13	good news: there's a generic coming out, meaning it doesn't cost $10 a pill (before insurance) sometime soon
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence1	Brain buzzing within 12 hours of missed dose.
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence2	Less and less libido and sexual function over the years.
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence3	Made my drinking into raging alcoholism .
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence4	Detoxed and AA'd up and stopped smoking.
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence5	Too bad about sex , alcohol and tobacco, I enjoyed them all ,but Effexor has really helped me.
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence6	Now questioning if I should start tapering off and slowly transition to edible medical cannabis.
effexorXR.Post123.Sentence7	Sounds like horrible withdrawal, as head buzzing suggests immediate pain and mental torture.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence1	Yawning at first , no appetite , fatigue , no sex drive .
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence2	Now that I've been on it for a while, I get random tics when at rest that aren't severe enough to really bother me.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence3	My knees shake a bit and my dexterity seem a little impacted going down stairs , but it's worth feeling normal again.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence4	I had pretty mild side effects at first, nothing severe enough to make me want to quit taking it and nothing out of the ordinary.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence5	I used to panic while driving , worried about what other drivers thought of me, I couldn't function at work or with my coworkers, I didn't want to get out of bed in the morning.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence6	I'm back to feeling totally normal and it's wonderful.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence7	Totally worth any of the minor side effects I feel now.
effexorXR.Post124.Sentence8	My appetite is back and the sexual side effects and fatigue are gone.
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence1	Irritability .
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence2	This is a great drug with minimal side effects.
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence3	I am able to socialize with people without any anxiety .
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence4	I am less self-conscious to the point where I could care less and am comfortable in any social environment.
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence5	As for the depression , it is gone and i'm able to function as a happy human being.
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence6	Only problem is this med makes me slightly irritable to sounds , sudden talking or disturbances ever so slight as they may be while I'm trying to work.
effexorXR.Post125.Sentence7	There's a little bit more lack of concentration on my part which can be mistaken for short attention span because this drug puts me in a state of La La land and it's hard to snap out of it bc it's such a nice place.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence1	Pupils dialated , a little shaky , I started at a low dose and quickly went to a high dose because it wasnt helping.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence2	I had a little bit of a problem falling asleep last night.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence3	I havent had any bad side effects.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence4	I feel so at ease, I love it.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence5	I dont have fits of rage anymore, I am calm when things happen and that way I deal with them better.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence6	I dont worry about things, I take things one step at a time.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence7	I dont feel tired, I feel like I can talk to people, and express emotion with out feeling funny about it.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence8	Over all it has helped me greatly.
effexorXR.Post126.Sentence9	I think that this drug is great, but only for certain people
effexorXR.Post127.Sentence1	Sexual anorgasmia impotence brain zaps .
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence1	At first, side effects were pretty numerous.
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence2	vivid dreams , night sweats , loss of appetite , nausea , etc After a few months, the only problem I've really had is headaches .
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence3	I've read so many negative comments about this drug but it has really worked well for me.
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence4	I was depressed for years but left it untreated.
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence5	Tried Zoloft first but had no reaction.
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence6	I honestly felt better after taking Effexor for only a few days.
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence7	I can live with a few side effects as long as it cures my depression .
effexorXR.Post128.Sentence8	:-)
effexorXR.Post129.Sentence1	Delayed orgasm .
effexorXR.Post129.Sentence2	Over the past five years, I've tried Prozac, Celexa, and Lexapro, all with no noticeable improvement.
effexorXR.Post129.Sentence3	Actually, the first one I was ever on was Effexor, but only at 75mg A few months ago, I started taking Effexor XR, this time a 300mg, and I can finally notice a significant improvement.
effexorXR.Post130.Sentence1	high cholesterol , sweating , decreased appetite .
effexorXR.Post131.Sentence1	Vivid dreams , lack of any sex drive , constipation , farting , some sleepiness .
effexorXR.Post131.Sentence2	If I take a weekend off, I can have sex/orgasms.
effexorXR.Post131.Sentence3	When I have gone off the medication, the depression and anxiety is so awful.
effexorXR.Post131.Sentence4	I will deal with the side effects any day for how Effexor has changed my life for the better.
effexorXR.Post132.Sentence1	This medication saved my life during life events that were beyond my control.
effexorXR.Post132.Sentence2	Trying to come off of the medication is very difficult.
effexorXR.Post132.Sentence3	I am having "brain shivers", "watermelon head", weight gain, etc I was taking 75mg for almost 2 years.
effexorXR.Post132.Sentence4	Dropped to 37.5 mg but having trouble coming completely off.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence1	didn't really experience any side effects.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence2	I had a headache that lasted about a week .
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence3	I also had dizziness and exhaustion, but those went away in a couple of days.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence4	This has done wonders for my extreme sensitivity and irritability .
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence5	Anxiety and social anxiety virtually gone.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence6	But skipping a dose is BAD.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence7	Headaches, nausea, exhaustion.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence8	Along with mood swings, irritability, etc It's basically all the symptoms I experienced before I started taking it.
effexorXR.Post133.Sentence9	Except for the physical ones
effexorXR.Post134.Sentence1	loss of appetite .
effexorXR.Post134.Sentence2	I started at 37.5mg the first week then went up to 75mg and immediatly started to feel better.
effexorXR.Post134.Sentence3	I feel better but I still havnt noticed any change in my energy or anxiety but the doctor said it could take a few weeks before I would get the full effects but Im really happy with the results so far.
effexorXR.Post134.Sentence4	Ive taken several anti depressants and this is the only one that has done anything for me, I just hope it doesnt wear off.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence1	Initially I had dizziness and some naseau.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence2	I found taking it at breakfast reduced nausea .
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence3	I have found I sweat more on Effexor.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence4	No massive weight gain yet.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence5	Most annoying side effect is delayed orgasm and sex drive reduction .
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence6	While the mind is still interested the body does not have the tingling all over like it used to before sex.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence7	Often get restless legs syndrome with Effexor.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence8	Appetite has improved but not to the point were I am emptying the pantry like their is no tomorrow.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence9	That is good!
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence10	Some antidepressants make you so hungry.
effexorXR.Post135.Sentence11	I just wish Effexor didn't stuff around with the sex drive.
effexorXR.Post136.Sentence1	Loss of libido , gurning , tiredness , yawning .
effexorXR.Post136.Sentence2	Withdrawal symptoms are severe, headaches,muscle pains,nausia,sensory problems like electrical shocks,wobbly vision.
effexorXR.Post136.Sentence3	Cured my anxiety and depression wonderfully, stopping the tablets is the difficult part.
effexorXR.Post136.Sentence4	It is all physical and will end after about 8 weeks of
effexorXR.Post137.Sentence1	started on 37.5mg about 3 years ago, I am now on 225mg, whenever dose is increased I begin to have severe tiredness , sleeping for 12-16 a night !
effexorXR.Post137.Sentence2	I also gain weight whenever the dose is incerased, and I have TONS of food cravings .
effexorXR.Post137.Sentence3	I honestly can't tell a difference when I am on or off of Effexor XR, except for the terible migranes that I experience when missing a dose.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence1	Nausea, a lil .
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence2	brain "zapping" pressure , restless jaw (teeth wanting to grind) and HAPPINESS.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence3	Ive only been on it for 1 day and was a little naucious this morning and my jaw has been wanting to clench down .
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence4	I started 37.5mg and in a week Ill be jumping to 75mg I was so scared to take it that I delayed it because I read all the comments on this site.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence5	So I finally made to decision to start it and hope for the best and it seems like not too many side effects are going to get me.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence6	Haha.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence7	Im excited to start this drug and pray for a normal life once again.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence8	Ive had a miscarriage with twins and full term pregnancy in the past 1 1/2 year, husband in the Marine Corps always gone and lots of moving.
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence9	I pray that this helps and I can overcome my depression and anxiety .
effexorXR.Post138.Sentence10	Ill make another rating in a month, hope this helps someone
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence1	mild insomnia , poor interactions with alcohol.
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence2	This is an excellent medication for anyone who has a depressiv or anxiety disorder .
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence3	I suffer from both, and this is my second time on the drug.
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence4	it has done a great deal for me.
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence5	I have only been taking it for 6 months on my second bout, but I took it for two years before, and it did wonders.
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence6	The only problems I had with it were when I came off it the first time.
effexorXR.Post139.Sentence7	withdrawl is really tough, but past that, it's a good drug.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence1	was initially on Effexor and slowly got up to 100 mg a day.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence2	Was on this for several years, had back surgery and wanted to quit Effexor because I was no longer depressed or in pain .
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence3	Withdrawal was very, very difficult as many here state.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence4	I ended up staying on a maintenance dose of half of a 37.5 mg tablet.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence5	After a year or so on this I had more spinal problems and related nerve pain .
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence6	Upped the Effexor to 75 mg without much pain relief.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence7	I now switched to XR 150 mg for the past six months.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence8	I have lots of neck problem s ( DDD , herniation , stenosis , etc) so I thought the severe pain in my hands and arms was the result of that.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence9	HOwever, in thinking about when the pain increased, I realized that it coincided with my switch to a higher dose and XR.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence10	To compound the problem, I was put on Diovan 160 mg for high blood pressure at the same time.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence11	So I don't really know if the increase in pain is related only to the Effexor XR or Diovan also.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence12	Overall, Effexor did very well relieving my depression .
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence13	It helped keep migraines at bay and I had tolerable, minimal side effects.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence14	But getting off of this drug is really nasty.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence15	I had to d/c my meds a few days before a neck myelogram and had a very bad reaction to the lack of Effexor in my system.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence16	My pain increased tremendously and I was a basket case emotionally with crying, etc I had to go back on the Effexor and make an appointment with my prescriber to find something to cover me for when I have the myelogram.
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence17	I had the "typical" brain zaps and odd brain feeling , dizziness , anxiety .
effexorXR.Post140.Sentence18	I would love to d/c this drug forever once my neck problems have been taken care of.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence1	During the first week I experienced hot flashes, night sweats, insomnia.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence2	Wasn't sure I was going to be able to continue but I went on the web and found out that those symptoms were normal and usually went away.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence3	I started feeling better around the fifth day.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence4	My only continuing side effects are total loss of appetite and continuing problems with insomnia.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence5	I take another medication to help me sleep.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence6	The appetite is not a concern because I am quite overweight, it has actually helped me lose 50 lbs over the last six months .
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence7	Withdrawal symptoms are nothing to mess with I ran out of pills over a 4 day holiday weekend, and boy did I feel wierd.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence8	I have had recurring depressive episodes since childhood, and this is the second time I have tried anti-depressants.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence9	Prozac worked well the first time, but the same dose had no effect this time.
effexorXR.Post141.Sentence10	I am also in cognitive behavioral therapy and I strongly recommend therapy in addition to medication.
effexorXR.Post142.Sentence1	At 37.5mg my depression is controlled.
effexorXR.Post142.Sentence2	I will experience episodes of depression but it's manageable.
effexorXR.Post142.Sentence3	When I increase the dose to 75mg I experience vivid dreams , interrupted sleep , anxiety , irritability and unwarranted anger .
effexorXR.Post142.Sentence4	For me, this medication manages my depression if I take it at a low dose.
effexorXR.Post142.Sentence5	I have not gained/lost weight, but I am an endurance athlete.
effexorXR.Post143.Sentence1	nausea , tremor .
effexorXR.Post144.Sentence1	Terrible night sweats (most nights) , non-existent libido , concentration difficulties , unbearable discontinuation syndrome if I miss a tablet.
effexorXR.Post144.Sentence2	There's no doubt that Effexor XR saved my life, however long-term use is not the best.
effexorXR.Post144.Sentence3	My moods are stable, but I'm now mildly and continuously depressed because of the two main side effects - lack of libido and bad night sweats .
effexorXR.Post144.Sentence4	It's ruining my relationship , and so I'd really like to get off it but am terrified due to the side effects, and not knowing what I'll be like when I'm off it.
effexorXR.Post144.Sentence5	I didn't have a choice but to resort to this drug, and I owe my life to it.
effexorXR.Post144.Sentence6	It has made my life bearable, but introduced new problems which I never had before.
effexorXR.Post145.Sentence1	Headaches , fitful sleeping and takes a while to get going in the morning .
effexorXR.Post145.Sentence2	Other than that it has helped enormounsly with my depression.
effexorXR.Post145.Sentence3	My periods have become irregular and at first were light now quite heavy and lasting a full week.
effexorXR.Post145.Sentence4	DId not gain weight or lose interest in sex.
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence1	Intensified anxiety .
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence2	Terrible hostile thoughts (short term) and felt could lose control .
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence3	Sinister & negative outlook,seems to take you lower before bouncing back up.
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence4	Yawning , constipation (short term) .
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence5	Have gone back on Eff after 6 month break.
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence6	Initial withdrawal done slowly was fine, however gradually spiralled down without it.
effexorXR.Post146.Sentence7	The initial side effects are terrifying but thankfully past experience told me to
effexorXR.Post147.Sentence1	While I have been on Effexor, I have identified side effects like asexuality - also, other sexual side effects; including: Ejaculation problems , and reduced climax intensity .
effexorXR.Post147.Sentence2	There are also more mild effects on my sleep - Night sweats , and vivid dreaming .
effexorXR.Post147.Sentence3	I do not mind these as they are not bad enough to be particularly unpleasant.
effexorXR.Post148.Sentence1	No real side effects besides a little more lethargy /sleepiness than usual.
effexorXR.Post148.Sentence2	I only experience a little nausea/dizziness if I miss a dose.
effexorXR.Post148.Sentence3	Has worked relatively well and is the only anti-depressant I've been on.
effexorXR.Post148.Sentence4	I take it at night and any time I miss a dose, I tend to have very vivid dreams and night sweats.
effexorXR.Post148.Sentence5	Sometimes the sweating gets so excessive that I need to shower in the middle of the night.
effexorXR.Post148.Sentence6	But again, I only experience this when I forget to take the effexor.
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence1	Brain zaps , excessive yawning , fatigue , increased appetite , vivid sexual dreams , sexual side effects .
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence2	I am currently takin Effexor XR 37.5mg, sometimes twice a day.
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence3	When I first started I loved it!
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence4	It really gave me my life back somewhat, Now I feel I am extremely drowsy at times , hard to stay awake .
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence5	I will also get the brain zaps , electrical shocks if I'm just lying in bed.
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence6	scary.
effexorXR.Post149.Sentence7	But I will continue to take it for now and see what happens!
effexorXR.Post150.Sentence1	Reduced libido , some difficulty with ejaculation .
effexorXR.Post150.Sentence2	Some anxiety and "brain shocks" for the first day or two .
effexorXR.Post150.Sentence3	My depression mostly manifested in an inability to start new projects , rather than any feelings of sadness.
effexorXR.Post150.Sentence4	Right after I started Effexor XR, I noticed a big improvement in this for a couple of weeks; since then, there's some improvement, but it's not as pronounced.
effexorXR.Post150.Sentence5	I may switch to another medication (or raise my dose) if the effect continues to decline.
effexorXR.Post150.Sentence6	I'm taking 75mg/day.
effexorXR.Post151.Sentence1	Typical with effexor XR- Dizzy , jaw tight , teeth grinding .
effexorXR.Post151.Sentence2	By the way withdrawing is A BAAAAAD.
effexorXR.Post151.Sentence3	I have been very satisfied.
effexorXR.Post151.Sentence4	I have noticed that alcohol has a stronger effect on me now.
effexorXR.Post151.Sentence5	But please be careful when stopping!
effexorXR.Post152.Sentence1	loss of appetite .
effexorXR.Post152.Sentence2	lower doses helped me more than higher doses
effexorXR.Post153.Sentence1	Vivid dreams / nightmares , possibly some tiredness .
effexorXR.Post153.Sentence2	Some mild effects on discontinuation but nothing too severe, although I did come off it slowly over two or three months.
effexorXR.Post153.Sentence3	Greatly improved my depression in a month or so after fluoxetine only gave a slight improvement.
effexorXR.Post153.Sentence4	Effectiveness seemed to level off after a while and further improvement was slower - another six months until I could start working effectively again.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence1	Night sweats , interrupted sleep most nights , seriously dry mouth when I wake up.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence2	These I can tolerate.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence3	But the wooziness !
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence4	It's somewhere between dizzy and light headed .
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence5	It's not particularly painful, but it is frequent and uncomfortable.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence6	On the other hand, I am functioning again.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence7	8 years on SSRIs.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence8	Was taking Lexapro which was much like taking nothing.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence9	Could barely function and was in danger of losing my job .
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence10	Switched to EffexorXR for the addition of norepinephrine.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence11	Definitely have more energy, but still not enough.
effexorXR.Post154.Sentence12	May increase dosage again, but I'm concerned about the wooziness .
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence1	Sleep issues, also I now have a harsh edge to my inter-action with others.
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence2	This was attributed to anxiety .
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence3	so have a med for that.
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence4	Generally seems to doing a good job with mood, though I'm not impressed with the sleep issues (couldn't sleep.
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence5	so now I have a drug for that).
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence6	I've also lost about 30lbs 240 down to 210lbs (Not that I complaining on that one).
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence7	I've been through most of the SSRI's.
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence8	this SNRI seems to be working .
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence9	at least for now.
effexorXR.Post155.Sentence10	But now you see where once I took 1 med for mood, I now need 3 .
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence1	Increased perspiration /Real lack of sexual desire / Tinnitus / Weight gain / Minor joint soreness / Shortness of breath / Some excessive yawning / Constipation / Dry eyes towards end of 24 hour cycle.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence2	Has been helpful for the most part.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence3	You really have to figure out what the right time of day is to take it.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence4	I found that if I took it in the morning, I would get very tired after about 6 to 8 hours.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence5	Switched to taking it right before bed so will sleep through the tired phase.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence6	Am taking 225 mg Still occassional anxiety but much better.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence7	Coping and attitude have improved.
effexorXR.Post156.Sentence8	After reading some of these posts I am not looking forward to getting off, which doctor has suggested I do in about 6 weeks.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence1	NO sex drive , severe fatigue , sweating , mild jaw clenching .
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence2	I've been on Effexor for about three years now, and I have to say that along with therapy, it really saved my life.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence3	However, the side effects are awful, but to me it's worth it because after trying Lexapro, Wellbutrin, and Zoloft, this is the only thing that makes me feel better.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence4	I have to take Adderall XR in combination with the Effexor just to keep me awake during the day because if i don't, i absolutely can't function; I will literally just sleep all the time , to the point where it truly can disrupt my life at times.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence5	I had never experienced a fatigue like that before, and it can be very dibilitating.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence6	I have absolutely NO sex drive , but that didn't happen until about a year ago.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence7	I wake up a lot in the morning with my jaw feeling tired and aching, and it never even occured to me that it may have been because of the Effexor (until i came upon this site!).
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence8	The sweating is really bad , but i've found a great solution - aerosol deoderant!
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence9	I've tried going off of Effexor before.
effexorXR.Post157.Sentence10	it's hell,
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence1	Extreme dry mouth , unable to reach orgasm.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence2	However, my sex drive is still Ok. No notable weight gain, as I have pushed myself to work out still.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence3	Felt a bit sluggish , but after a month or so on the 150mg dose, have overcome that side effect.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence4	The one and ONLY complaint is this horrible taste in my mouth- tastes metallic, and bitter, a secretion under my toungue .
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence5	I hope it goes away- I'm brushing my teeth about 5 times a day!
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence6	Lol.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence7	Keep a VERY close eye on your side effects with this drug.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence8	For a week, I had horrible suicidal thoughts and mood swings, which eventually went away.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence9	Have a support system- family, friends- to help you when you are down.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence10	It gets better.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence11	If you have high blood pressure, do NOT quit cold turkey, as this is a very BAD way to do with any of these types of drugs.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence12	contact your Dr, and if that doesn't help, get another opinion.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence13	There's help out there, and millions of people like us who know what we're all going through.
effexorXR.Post158.Sentence14	:)
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence1	few side effects at first, but now, after about months on the stuff, at about 20 hours after last dose, I start to get wierd feelings .
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence2	almost shakey , or tremors , but they are "below the surface" rather than something visible.
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence3	More like I feel as though I am vibrating .
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence4	Sometimes ringing in my ear , or lightheadedness.
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence5	I was here looking for anyone who sensed the drug was moving them towards taking a higher dose (one friend suggested this might be the problem).
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence6	It did work well for my depression , but reading these make me wonder about other things that have been going on - like the pins & needles I attributed to some other mystery.
effexorXR.Post159.Sentence7	Still concerned about the apparent 'withdrawl' in less than 24 hours between doses.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence1	At the very beginning of taking Effexor XR (75 mg) I had more energy, sweaty palms, jittery legs, hot flashes.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence2	After about two weeks, the side effects settled down and I thought I was doing alright.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence3	But then I felt almost the same as I did before Effexor XR.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence4	I started thinking maybe I had to increase my dose but then about a month and half before I went to see my psychiatrist, I started excercising a lot and now I feel great.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence5	I'm not going to change a thing but I think it was a combination of the Effexor XR, the summer starting, taking walks during my work days, and generally excercising more.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence6	I haven't had this much confidence and self esteem in so long.
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence7	I can finally talk to my best friends like I used to and I can't tell you how good that makes me feel!
effexorXR.Post160.Sentence8	I feel like myself again, and I'll tell ya, it's been close to 10 years!
effexorXR.Post161.Sentence1	Decreased Libido .
effexorXR.Post161.Sentence2	Have been taking Effexor XR for 9 years.
effexorXR.Post161.Sentence3	I was suicidal before I started taking it.
effexorXR.Post161.Sentence4	I take 150 mg once daily.
effexorXR.Post161.Sentence5	I couldn't survive without it.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence1	occasional sleeplessness ; @ 225 mg/day - very difficult to orgasm , not as bad @ lower doses.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence2	Withdrawal symptoms are horrible - as noted by others.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence3	Withdrawal is an awful experience - I've tried (and made it) several times, but within 2 months the darkness just settles on me again and I have to start taking it again.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence4	I haven't even tried quitting in about 3 years.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence5	Taking 225 mg for the past year and it doesn't work as well as it used to; previously 150 mg kept me very even and I was well-pleased.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence6	Increased stress in my life for the past year and effexor xr hasn't been able to keep up.
effexorXR.Post162.Sentence7	Not sure which way to go now.
effexorXR.Post163.Sentence1	fatigue and sleeping around 15 hours a night and still tired , Loss of sex drive and erection problems when medication doubled from 75mg to 150) eye site deteriated to the point I thought i needed glasses but once I took myself off the drug eye site returned to normal.
effexorXR.Post163.Sentence2	Withdraw symptoms of drug lasted 3 weeks and included Nausea, jolts of dizziness which included when i moved my eyes from side to side or looked at close things then afar.
effexorXR.Post163.Sentence3	Agressiveness and short tempered .
effexorXR.Post163.Sentence4	All side affects and withdraw effects are now gone.
effexorXR.Post163.Sentence5	The medication did wonders for my anxiety and depression problems which seem to not have returned once stopping the medication.
effexorXR.Post163.Sentence6	So far so good.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence1	bruise easily, terrible joint pain , still have days that I have no desire to get out of bed.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence2	I have been on Effexor XR 150 for 5 years.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence3	During the holidays I increase to 225) I don't get the withdrawal symptoms with this doseage change.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence4	I was wondering if anyone else has experienced the bruising and terrible joint pain .
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence5	I have had all kinds of blood work done, and my tests are all normal, so I think it has to be the Effexor.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence6	That is the only medication I take.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence7	It makes you look like a crazy person when your labs are normal and you still complain of pain .
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence8	The doctor must think I am crazy or making it up.
effexorXR.Post164.Sentence9	I know the pain is real.
effexorXR.Post165.Sentence1	constipation , aching muscles in both legs and fatigue .
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence1	Obnoxious behaviour, Increased talkativeness , nausea , diarrhea , headaches , insomnia , flatulence, depression , moderate weight gain , unable to achieve orgasm , increased sexual pleasure .
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence2	All of the short term side effects only lasted for the first 2 months,(sexual and weight problems manifested itself over the long term) except for the obnoxious behaviour and increased talkativeness.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence3	I don't think I still have obnoxious behaviour anymore (that's my personal opinion) but still talk more than I remember, but its no longer on an annoying level.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence4	One P doc has told me this may be because I had Dysthmia and SAD .
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence5	The increased sexual pleasure only lasted for a couple weaks.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence6	Right now I have nothing to complain about with respect to this drug.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence7	It took me 6 months to get the correct dosage, which for me is 300mg My psychiatrist specialises in using this drug, so was not afraid to carry me up to this level.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence8	I'm glad he did because once I try to step down, my symptoms return, even after 2 years.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence9	It is a Godsend.
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence10	It lifted my spirits at a time when I could barely say a word for days because my mind was so blank .
effexorXR.Post166.Sentence11	I couldn't keep my head up walking down the street because I though
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence1	Frankly, I have been on Effexor XR so long that it is hard to tell what side effects I do have.
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence2	I guess I can say that there are times my blood pressure increases .
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence3	Other than that, I can't think of a side effect.
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence4	I have been on so many of the SSRI's that is Celexa, Prozac, Serzone, Lexapro, Wellbutrin XR, Remeron.
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence5	None work like the SNRI, Effexor XR with me.
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence6	I've been as high as 300 mg and as low as I am now at 112.5 mg I've been on Effexor XR for over 9 years.
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence7	My doc will add a mood stabilizer when I need one.
effexorXR.Post167.Sentence8	Other than that, I'm staying with Effexor XR.
effexorXR.Post168.Sentence1	night sweats , dreams , possibly increased appetite .
effexorXR.Post168.Sentence2	I seem to be quite fortunate.
effexorXR.Post168.Sentence3	I started out taking 300 mg of Effexor and am now down to 150 mg At 300, I had very bothersome night sweats .
effexorXR.Post168.Sentence4	This was greatly improved by dropping the dose to 225) With my doctor's permission, I've recently dropped the dose to 150 mg I was wondering if the drug was increasing my appetite and if a lower dose might make a difference.
effexorXR.Post168.Sentence5	But, I'm still about 10 pounds heavier than I'd like and at this point, I don't think I can blame it on Effexor.
effexorXR.Post168.Sentence6	I suffered no major side effects when lowering the drug - just some light headedness that lasted a couple of days.
effexorXR.Post169.Sentence1	all was fine (taking it for almost 3 months) but recently noticed I was gaining weight !
effexorXR.Post169.Sentence2	(10 pounds).
effexorXR.Post169.Sentence3	otherwise changed my life but cannot live fat!
effexorXR.Post169.Sentence4	(recovering bulimic)
effexorXR.Post170.Sentence1	intense dreams , loss of sex drive .
effexorXR.Post171.Sentence1	Loss sex drive; weight gain ; night sweats ; nightmares ; muscle twitches and jerky when sleeping; ( miss a dose i get depression or panic attack- sometimes withdraw symptoms).
effexorXR.Post171.Sentence2	I take Effexor with the combination of YAZ for PMDD and it has worked for the best.
effexorXR.Post171.Sentence3	I don't want to switch medicines again since I have been on quite a few- Prozac, Zoloft and Lexapro and also I am afraid of what the withdraw symptoms would be like.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence1	didn't have any side effects while taking the drug.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence2	I took 150 mg per day.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence3	I was never clinically diagnosed with depression or anything.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence4	I was going through a divorce and asked my doctor for something.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence5	I can't believe how readily they just hand you whatever is in the cabinet.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence6	Anyway, my life is on track, I have nothing to be depressed or sad about.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence7	I also have no health insurance at the moment, and it's pretty expensive, so I decided to quit taking it.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence8	COLD TURKEY.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence9	I knew there would be side effects, and I was ready for them.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence10	And boy did they arrive with a vengence!
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence11	I've been off for a little over a week, and it's getting a little better.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence12	The first 3 days or so, I thought I was in the twilight zone.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence13	Dizziness , ringing of the ears , irritable , anxious , horrible nightmares , feelings of electrical surges in my body.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence14	My God, I wasn't in this bad of shape before I started taking the drug!
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence15	Well, like I said, it's getting a little better everyday.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence16	But I feel I can say that this drug is VERY ADDICTIVE.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence17	Some people probably do need to be on it forever, but many do not.
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence18	Everyone needs to know the side effects of coming off of this drug when it is given to them!
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence19	I would've asked for something else!
effexorXR.Post172.Sentence20	I wish I could've afforded to come off gradually, but oh well, what's done is done.
effexorXR.Post173.Sentence1	GAS , vivid dreams , some muscle twitches .
effexorXR.Post173.Sentence2	mosy of my side effects were in the first week or so starting effexor xr and whenever the dosage is raised, i experienced extreme headaches was extremely tired , very nausous , no appetite ,a mild "high" feeling no sex drive mainly because i was way to tired .
effexorXR.Post173.Sentence3	all those side effects went away though after a couple weeks and now it just makes me really gassy and i think my vision has become a little more blurry , the gas is very innoying though even at night when im in bed with my boyfriend its really uncomfortable but i took an over the counter pill for gas relief and it seemed to work.
effexorXR.Post173.Sentence4	i havnt noticed that much of a change in my anxiety .
effexorXR.Post173.Sentence5	its took the edge off i dont have panic attacks really anymore but i still cant sleep at night and i still get very nervous when its unessecarymaybe a dosage increase is needed but i was on zoloft a few years ago and it made me feel like a zombie so in comparison its alot better i hope things work out.
effexorXR.Post174.Sentence1	Nausea , a light-headed feeling , and dizziness but only at first .
effexorXR.Post174.Sentence2	The side effects go away.
effexorXR.Post174.Sentence3	This drug has helped me greatly.
effexorXR.Post174.Sentence4	It makes me feel normal again , and I suffer from extremely severe depression .
effexorXR.Post174.Sentence5	This is my second cycle on Effexor.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence1	dry mouth , insomnia if taken late in the day, However.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence2	I can't say these side effects outweigh the benefits.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence3	I'm on 225mg a day and this drug is the only one that has ever worked for me.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence4	I've tried so many, However, I'm ADDICTED I feel.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence5	I've tried to wean myself a few times and it's terrible.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence6	The nightmares and the sickness that goes with it are terrible besides the symptoms you had to begin with.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence7	It's just not worth it to me.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence8	I always tell my doctor, please don't start anyone, because once they get started, they'll never be able to stop.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence9	It's like a narcotic.
effexorXR.Post175.Sentence10	The nightmares are the worst for me.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence1	Sweaty hands & feet Euphoria .
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence2	This medicine has saved my social life.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence3	It has saved me from making terrible mistakes at work and around my family.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence4	My manic depression has driven to do things any normal person would never even think of doing and it seems as though I cannot live without the medicine.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence5	I think I may have to have my dosage up'd to the next level because the bad dreams and sudden outbursts are coming back I've noticed.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence6	Thank you Venlafaxine.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence7	You've saved my life and my daughters.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence8	I wouldn't recommend it to just anyone though.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence9	I'd like to think of it as a "last resort" type.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence10	I've tried countless other meds.
effexorXR.Post176.Sentence11	But this is the only one that does the trick.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence1	it took about 4 weeks to really start working.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence2	in that time i had strange feelings almost like i was on a high at times .
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence3	pupils were hugely enlarged , clenching my jaw alot, suffering alot of dreaming i never use to.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence4	sleeping alot about 12hours a day, coffee doesnt keep me awake anymore .
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence5	have experinced headaches alot when i wake up mainly, increased appiette , weight gain of course.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence6	no lose of sex drive.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence7	effexor works very well.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence8	has aken away all my anxiety and depression .
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence9	makes everyday life much more mangable.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence10	im happy with the result, is certainly worth the side affects.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence11	the side effects are less common and some totally gone already.
effexorXR.Post177.Sentence12	Very grateful for this drug!
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence1	Going on it the side effects only lasted about a week.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence2	I had 2 nights where I just couldn't sleep , was slightly nautious and my pupils were MASSIVE !
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence3	But all in all it wasn't too bad.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence4	I was worried about coming off it so I timed it so I had a week booked off work for it.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence5	The main side effect was being light headed, like a permanent head rush, Again.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence6	it was bearable.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence7	If anyone has any reservations.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence8	I would say try it.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence9	For me it was fantastic.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence10	It helped me get through a tough stage in my life.
effexorXR.Post178.Sentence11	I'm off it about a month now and have come out the other side smiling!
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence1	Started so long ago.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence2	I hardly remember .
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence3	With 300 mg, insomnia .
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence4	Sweating is worse .
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence5	NO weight gain.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence6	Some libido decrease .
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence7	Much better than constant bickering with hubby and occasional temper tantrums where I threw and broke things :(.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence8	After being in a mental hospital for 3 days, was put on several different antidepressants which didn't work.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence9	Finally I was put on this and felt like my old self for the first time in 12 years.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence10	Was on 150mg until about 1 month ago.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence11	Had hysterectomy due to cervical cancer in Dec 04 and stopped taking my progesterone.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence12	Went back into severe depression .
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence13	Now am on 300mg.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence14	Am definitely having difficulty sleeping but was able to wean off Xanax.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence15	Trying Neurontin for sleep now.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence16	Think the diagnosis of cancer plus going off my progesterone threw me into depression again.
effexorXR.Post179.Sentence17	After reading other posts, will try taking in a divided dose or in the am to combat the insomnia .
effexorXR.Post180.Sentence1	Night Sweats , Restless Legs , Take 150mg, and that, along with Provigil that I started a bit later, appear to have given my regular epilepy meds a push to stop my seizures , that were previously at 4-5 a day.
effexorXR.Post180.Sentence2	I do sweat like a pig at night, am very flat emiotionally and have zero sex drive , which is good, because it also keeps my johnson from working very well .
effexorXR.Post180.Sentence3	May sound like a crappy drug, but I'll take the side effects for no seizures any day.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence1	started 2 years ago for depression , panic attacks and social anxiety .
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence2	The first week was hell.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence3	I felt like I was on speed , but after my body adjusted it gave me my life back.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence4	I stopped over analyzing everything.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence5	I was able to go out without thinking everyone was looking at me, and I was able to get out of bed willingly every day.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence6	I truly felt "normal".
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence7	After 2 years.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence8	I decided that I would like to give life without meds a try, BIG MISTAKE!
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence9	I weaned slowly from 150mg to 75 to 37.5 and off.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence10	I feel nauseous alot and my depression and social anxiety has returned almost 100%.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence11	I'm thinking seriously about going back on, but after reading some of your comments, I'm a bit scared.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence12	I'll talk to my Dr. and try to do some research.
effexorXR.Post181.Sentence13	Has anyone gone off Effexor and then gone back on?
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence1	This medicine has helped me so much, My anxiety , depression , and panic attacks are gone.
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence2	However I do have some negative side effects.
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence3	I am currently trying to wean myself from 75mg to 37,5) Eventually I want to get off of it.
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence4	If I skip a dose of effexor xr I have night tremors and mood swings.
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence5	I have gained about 15 lb s in 6 months.
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence6	My hands are swelled .
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence7	I have had a loss of sex drive , Also.
effexorXR.Post182.Sentence8	I did have extreme hair loss and itchiness in the beginning but that could have been due to hormones as well.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence1	extreme weight gain , short-term memory loss , hair loss .
lexapro.Post1.Sentence2	I am detoxing from Lexapro now.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence3	I slowly cut my dosage over several months and took vitamin supplements to help.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence4	I am now 10 days completely off and OMG is it rough.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence5	I have flu-like symptoms, dizziness, major mood swings, lots of anxiety, tiredness.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence6	I have no idea when this will end.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence7	I have been taking lots of vitamin supplements from truehope.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence8	com to help and it is still terrible.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence9	I just really want to be done with this.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence10	I would never have guessed withdrawal would be so terrible.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence11	I am looking to get pregnant and do not want to be on any medications.
lexapro.Post1.Sentence12	Also neurofeedback has been more helpful than the medicine ever was.
lexapro.Post2.Sentence1	COMPLETELY DESTROYED SEXUALLY FUNCTIONING .
lexapro.Post2.Sentence2	EVEN AFTER GOING OFF THE DRUG .
lexapro.Post2.Sentence3	PROBABLY PERMANENT!
lexapro.Post2.Sentence4	Just TWO tablets of Lexapro 10mg completely destroyed my sexual functioning , probably for life.
lexapro.Post2.Sentence5	It's called PSSD : post-SSRI sexual dysfunction .
lexapro.Post2.Sentence6	This evil drug will not do you any good .
lexapro.Post2.Sentence7	it's no better than placebo at treating any mental health condition.
lexapro.Post2.Sentence8	And there is a chance that it will give you PSSD , which as the name suggests persists even after you stop taking the drug, Just google 'PSSD' and you'll see what I mean, So please: NEVER take this drug, not even one tablet.
lexapro.Post2.Sentence9	DO NOT TRUST YOUR DOCTOR.
lexapro.Post2.Sentence10	IF YOUR DOCTOR TRIES TO PRESCRIBE YOU THIS DRUG OR ANY OTHER SSRI ANTIDEPRESSANT, GET UP AND WALK AWAY.
lexapro.Post3.Sentence1	Nausea , Blurred Vision , 3 to 5 hours sleep , Suicidal Thoughts .
lexapro.Post3.Sentence2	Be careful with this medication.
lexapro.Post3.Sentence3	This was my first anti-depressant medication.
lexapro.Post3.Sentence4	Very scary drug.
lexapro.Post3.Sentence5	I was unable to sleep , had blurred vision , and felt sick to my stomach .
lexapro.Post3.Sentence6	Unable to eat anything significant for the 3 days .
lexapro.Post3.Sentence7	While driving to a friends house crazy thoughts kept happening .
lexapro.Post3.Sentence8	Stopped the drug after 2 days and next day was feeling better.
lexapro.Post3.Sentence9	Would not have been able to work (software developer) if attempting this drug during work week.
lexapro.Post3.Sentence10	Currently on Nortriptyline which seems to help.
lexapro.Post4.Sentence1	Plenty!
lexapro.Post4.Sentence2	First 10 days were HORRIBLE, like a looong panic attack with anxiety / nausea .
lexapro.Post4.Sentence3	It calmed down when I got some Xanor for three weeks (was still worse than before lexapro though), after that back to lots of anxiety , derealisation , nausea etc, Also couldn't sleep much , woke at 6.30am with horrible anxiety no matter when I fell asleep the day before.
lexapro.Post4.Sentence4	It didn't help me out, at all.
lexapro.Post4.Sentence5	My anxiety is worse than before, and I've been getting more and more dizzy by the week .
lexapro.Post4.Sentence6	the last three weeks I haven't been able to watch TV since it makes me feel nauseus, and I haven't been outside in two weeks due to the dizziness !
lexapro.Post4.Sentence7	The last week or two I've been feeling nausea all day, mostly due to the dizziness , Everyone's different though, and you should probably give it a try, others are having luck.
lexapro.Post4.Sentence8	I'm tapering it off now, though.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence1	Chronic cough , weight gain , no sexual interest .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence2	Emergency Room visit with tachycardia and violent vertigo .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence3	I would not suggest taking this medication.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence4	I did experience relief of my depression initially with the 10mg per day dose.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence5	That quickly turned into a three week period of sleep .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence6	I was unable to hold my body vertical .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence7	Slept through life and gained weight .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence8	The feeling of wellness is gone.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence9	Phoned the doctor to report the symptoms; the dose was then increased to 20mg per day.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence10	After the third day at that dose I found myself in the ER with vertigo , dizziness , tachycardia , dry mouth , nausea , and a host of other complaints.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence11	After following up with the doctor who prescribed the lexapro, he did not discontinue the drug, just decreased it to 5mg per day.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence12	The vertigo is rendering me unable to function in daily life causing me to lose work .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence13	I am seeing a specialist for the vertigo and undergoing testing which now I have been diagnosed with vestibular neurontitis .
lexapro.Post5.Sentence14	My vertigo has not responded to conservative treatment thus far.
lexapro.Post5.Sentence15	I am tapering off the drug as I type this, 5mg every other day now and m
lexapro.Post6.Sentence1	Muscle spasms , muscle twitching , muscle soreness , insomnia , mental confusion , flush , brain zaps .
lexapro.Post6.Sentence2	I took Lexapro for 3 days in 10mg doses and had severe side effects immediately.
lexapro.Post6.Sentence3	If you have any of the symptoms above, contact your physician immediately.
lexapro.Post6.Sentence4	These could be dangerous.
lexapro.Post6.Sentence5	I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DRUG.
lexapro.Post7.Sentence1	I'm sorry this is more about not taking it than about side effects of taking it.
lexapro.Post7.Sentence2	I was given samples today and took one dose before coming to this site, where I learned that insomnia and decreased libido are serious side effects for many people; these are already major, major issues for me, By now, the first feelings of "tightness" in my head , dry mouth , and a little bit of jitters have begun.
lexapro.Post7.Sentence3	As a result surely of prior conditions, but I do feel in part because of the drug or its jittery side effects, I've been unable to stop weeping for the past hour .
lexapro.Post7.Sentence4	I will probably not have the wherewithal to take another dose.
lexapro.Post7.Sentence5	I once took Effexor for 3 years and had trouble getting off of it, one real struggle and then one ok tapering experience finally.
lexapro.Post7.Sentence6	I can't imagine going through the withdrawal again, either, so I think I will run scared from this prescription for a while longer, o
lexapro.Post8.Sentence1	Extreme Weight Gain 30 pounds.
lexapro.Post9.Sentence1	Excessive perspiration , Erectile dysfunction .
lexapro.Post9.Sentence2	Almost no libido at all, Utterly useless.
lexapro.Post10.Sentence1	Took a while to have an effect on mood obviously,but side-effects alarming: sudden migraines which I had had very infrequently before.
lexapro.Post10.Sentence2	Very big increase in blood pressure which I had never experienced before.
lexapro.Post10.Sentence3	Have your blood pressure checked even if like me, you have never had a problem with it you may be in for a nasty surprise!
lexapro.Post11.Sentence1	Heavy sedation , Jaw Clenching , Inability to organism .
lexapro.Post11.Sentence2	Tired it four months.
lexapro.Post11.Sentence3	Very bad side effects.
lexapro.Post11.Sentence4	Did not have a good experience.
lexapro.Post11.Sentence5	Would not take again.
lexapro.Post12.Sentence1	emotionless , Zombie effect .
lexapro.Post12.Sentence2	Loss of memory .
lexapro.Post12.Sentence3	When i took lexapro i walked around in a "zombie" like state because i would never be happy about anything, but never really sad .
lexapro.Post12.Sentence4	I just kind of felt numb toward all emotion , Also, my memory started lacking and i couldnt remember long periods of time or things i had done.
lexapro.Post12.Sentence5	i still have difficulty remembering most of that year and for no particular reason.
lexapro.Post13.Sentence1	Jaw jacking / clenching teeth , headaches , vomitting , waking up in the middle of the night for hours, increase in anxiety , blurred vision .
lexapro.Post13.Sentence2	I started feeling the side effects the fist day i took 10mg.
lexapro.Post13.Sentence3	Crazy dreams and visions, slight insomnia , my teeth are killing me from grinding them and I guess that caused my headaches .
lexapro.Post13.Sentence4	Can hardly even read and feel like I'm in a fog or that I'm stoned.
lexapro.Post13.Sentence5	Clumsy and at first gave me tons of energy but I think that was the increased anxiety .
lexapro.Post13.Sentence6	About four hours after my dose it's like I went downhill , my head got very heavy , and that was the foggy state .
lexapro.Post13.Sentence7	I haven't noticed any positive changes and the side effects are horrible.
lexapro.Post13.Sentence8	The increase in anxiety has made me stop taking this pill.
lexapro.Post13.Sentence9	Xanax or something would do me much better with the Effexor that I am already taking.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence1	Fatigue , dizziness , apathy , muscle jerks , jaw clenching , interfered with Thyroid replacement medicine , insomnia .
lexapro.Post14.Sentence2	I'm surprised that there were any positive ratings.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence3	I took this for two months, hoping that the side effects would ease.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence4	Most had except for the apathy and fatigue .
lexapro.Post14.Sentence5	just wouldn't go away.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence6	Doctors did not tell me that I needed to increase my Thyroid medicine as recommended by the manufacturer of the thyroid medicine.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence7	I became more tired , cold and weak after about 6 weeks so I had to discontinue.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence8	The withdrawal process has been very difficult.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence9	It apparently doesn't take a long time for this medicine to build up toxic levels in your blood and liver as well as affecting your brain.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence10	Even though I tapered down in 1/4 pill increments, the worst withdrawal symptoms happened to me after I completely stopped, Dizziness, headaches, neck pain as well as muscle stiffness throughout the body are main complaints.
lexapro.Post14.Sentence11	Why is this product legal?
lexapro.Post15.Sentence1	Insomnia , tension , somnolence , loss of memory , jaw movements .
lexapro.Post15.Sentence2	Today is my first day of from the medication after my doctor took it away, I feel human again!
lexapro.Post16.Sentence1	Got fat , hated life .
lexapro.Post16.Sentence2	Was so much better once I went off after 10 months and did it cold turkey with NO negative effects.
lexapro.Post16.Sentence3	Felt almost euphoria going off it.
lexapro.Post16.Sentence4	Never again with that drug.
lexapro.Post16.Sentence5	That stuff is poison.
lexapro.Post16.Sentence6	Avoid at all costs and explore other options.
lexapro.Post17.Sentence1	night sweats , major mood swings and moment of over excitement combined with rudeness .
lexapro.Post17.Sentence2	head felt completely detached from body and feeling suicidal .
lexapro.Post17.Sentence3	these doctors really must be getting big perks by pushing this crap on people.
lexapro.Post17.Sentence4	i know that drugs have different results with different people.
lexapro.Post17.Sentence5	but too many patients had same discomforts, yes, i had the runs too.
lexapro.Post18.Sentence1	Headaches , Nausea , Fatigue , Interrupted Sleep , Vivid Dreams , Weight Gain .
lexapro.Post18.Sentence2	The side effects were most severe going on and coming off the drug, with all but the headaches and nausea staying with me throughout the entire experience.
lexapro.Post18.Sentence3	There was no improvement in the level of my anxiety , depression , or OCD .
lexapro.Post19.Sentence1	Be very careful with this .
lexapro.Post19.Sentence2	I took it for 3 months believe that its affect on the mind is indirectly linked to the immune system functioning .
lexapro.Post19.Sentence3	if you are an othewise phyically healthy human you may risk compromising the proper functioning of the T-cells which may have UKNOWN consequences, the worst being autoimmunce disease which will make you very sick with flu-like symptoms and unable to get better,please beware.
lexapro.Post19.Sentence4	I would only recommend that suicidal people with absolutely NO HOPE whatsoever take this.
lexapro.Post19.Sentence5	The risks of such dangerous and hidden physiological side effects are in NO WAY worth the potential positive effects of so-called subjective "mental stability" which is merely illusory and masks the hidden danger.
lexapro.Post20.Sentence1	Heart burn .
lexapro.Post20.Sentence2	I had to take a heart burn relief medication each day I took Lexapro.
lexapro.Post20.Sentence3	Will try another anti-depressant medication.
lexapro.Post21.Sentence1	I had pain all over my body !
lexapro.Post21.Sentence2	My legs were the worst and my left leg felt like it was on fire !
lexapro.Post21.Sentence3	It hurt so bad , I ended up in the E,R .
lexapro.Post21.Sentence4	Because I thought that I might have a blood clot.
lexapro.Post21.Sentence5	The doctor told me that it was the Lexapro's side effects.
lexapro.Post21.Sentence6	my arms felt like needles are poking them , Felt like a knife in my shoulder , I got chills easily , felt like my legs were not getting enough circulation , it felt like my blood had carbonation in it!
lexapro.Post21.Sentence7	This is the most awful feeling!
lexapro.Post21.Sentence8	I am still having aches , pains , pins and needles throughout my entire body after being off of the Lexapro for a few days.
lexapro.Post21.Sentence9	I hope and pray it subsides.
lexapro.Post21.Sentence10	Please DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG!
lexapro.Post21.Sentence11	I would rather have panic attacks and be depressed than take another pill of Lexapro!
lexapro.Post22.Sentence1	Weight gain , HAIR LOSS , increased depression , fatigue , lethargy .
lexapro.Post22.Sentence2	I switched from Cymbalta to Lexapro and after approximately 30 days, I began feeling very bad.
lexapro.Post22.Sentence3	I gained 13 lbs in 6 weeks and could not get out of bed after 60 days.
lexapro.Post22.Sentence4	My hair started falling out by the handful.
lexapro.Post22.Sentence5	I quit cold turkey last week and I feel a lot better today but hair loss continues.
lexapro.Post22.Sentence6	Doc said that should reverse within a month.
lexapro.Post22.Sentence7	Very negative experience.
lexapro.Post23.Sentence1	Reduced cognition , fatigue , addiction .
lexapro.Post23.Sentence2	The med was okay until side effects had negative impacts and it was extremely difficult to get off of.
lexapro.Post23.Sentence3	After becoming addicted to a second Lundbeck med I refuse to ever use one of its products gain.
lexapro.Post23.Sentence4	It might be worth use by others but it is very hard to stop taking it; not a plus.
lexapro.Post24.Sentence1	From the moment I swallowed this pill I experienced a dry mouth and dry eyes .
lexapro.Post24.Sentence2	But more alarming was the sensation of pressure behind my eyes -like they were going to pop out!
lexapro.Post24.Sentence3	Also I had a severe inablility to concentrate which made it impossible to do my job ,I am a Registered Nurse.
lexapro.Post24.Sentence4	I also found myself making a bizarre sucking motion with my mouth-possibly from the dryness?
lexapro.Post24.Sentence5	I took myself off this drug and started a strict regimen of exercise and improved my diet which did wonders for my depression and anxiety .
lexapro.Post24.Sentence6	Do not take this drug.
lexapro.Post25.Sentence1	Disturbed sleep , exhaustion , nausea , dizzyness , jaw-clenching and increased anxiety .
lexapro.Post25.Sentence2	I took 5mg for three days and when my Dr. heard what it was doing to me she said to stop it immediately.
lexapro.Post25.Sentence3	It's been four days since I discontinued, and I'm still wiped out and dizzy with flu-like symptoms .
lexapro.Post25.Sentence4	She had suggested I add Lexapro to my Remeron to boost the serotonin effects.
lexapro.Post25.Sentence5	I'll just stick with the Remeron .
lexapro.Post25.Sentence6	so much gentler on my system.
lexapro.Post25.Sentence7	Everyone is different, but for me Lexapro was like some kind of torture device, Can't wait for it to leave my system.
lexapro.Post26.Sentence1	1) After two to three hours vomit 2) Stiff muscles (Lack of oxygen?)
lexapro.Post26.Sentence2	3) Spacey , out of sync with time (as in Where did that tree come from?
lexapro.Post26.Sentence3	What am I doing?)
lexapro.Post26.Sentence4	4) Weird , (as in How did that tree get there?
lexapro.Post26.Sentence5	), 5) Weak muscles 6) Cant catch breath 7) Listless 8) Unmotivated 9) Difficulty getting moving 10) Reaction time slowed , [as in Put your hand on your solar plexus (Huh?
lexapro.Post26.Sentence6	What?
lexapro.Post26.Sentence7	Hand?)]
lexapro.Post26.Sentence8	11) Forgetful , stupid (its Sunday, right?)
lexapro.Post26.Sentence9	12) Depressed (as in Whats the use?).
lexapro.Post26.Sentence10	Works on 30% of the people who take it after eight weeks.
lexapro.Post26.Sentence11	After eight weeks of the above I sincerely doubt that anybody taking lexapro can know which way is up, much less notice a decrease in depression .
lexapro.Post27.Sentence1	suidical feelings .
lexapro.Post27.Sentence2	I took this medication for a month before I started getting extreme suicidal feelings , which I had not had before taking it.
lexapro.Post28.Sentence1	Racing heart , severe anxiety , panic , nausea , speeded-up metabolism .
lexapro.Post28.Sentence2	It was brilliant for 2 weeks, except for some queasiness .
lexapro.Post28.Sentence3	But into the 3rd week I began to wake in the night with very scary heart palpitations .
lexapro.Post28.Sentence4	After a few nights of this (while feeling good during the day), the palpitations and subsequent panic were still there in the morning and continued throughout the day.
lexapro.Post28.Sentence5	I stopped taking it 3 days ago .
lexapro.Post28.Sentence6	in addition to stopping caffeine on doctor's orders .
lexapro.Post28.Sentence7	and I still have occasional heart flutters , a clenched stomach , and the anxiety that goes with that.
lexapro.Post28.Sentence8	I also think Lexapro and alcohol were a bad mix for me.
lexapro.Post28.Sentence9	I'd rather be depressed .
lexapro.Post29.Sentence1	jittery , disconnected feelings , suicidal thoughts , unable to function .
lexapro.Post29.Sentence2	I took one dose of this med and was lucky to be able to drive home from work.
lexapro.Post29.Sentence3	Within the first hour I had to call a friend to come over and sit with me while I waited for the effects to be over (which took hours).
lexapro.Post29.Sentence4	Worse than the worst "bad trip" you can imagine.
lexapro.Post29.Sentence5	Suicidal thoughts when I had NEVER had those thoughts before, Super scary.
lexapro.Post29.Sentence6	I would never take this again, Total poison!
lexapro.Post29.Sentence7	BEWARE!
lexapro.Post30.Sentence1	Insomnia , irregular heartbeat , anxiety times 1000 , suicidal depression .
lexapro.Post30.Sentence2	I'm in serious pain right now.
lexapro.Post30.Sentence3	I'm about to go to the hospital cause this drug is killing me.
lexapro.Post30.Sentence4	If I survive I'll write another comment, Please don't take it!
lexapro.Post31.Sentence1	vivid nightmares , sweats , higher anxiety levels , memory problems , concentration problems , teeth grinding and clenching of jaws .
lexapro.Post31.Sentence2	After 1 year of taking this drug, I stopped it cold turkey.
lexapro.Post31.Sentence3	I was taking 10 mg. After a lifetime of perfect dental checkups and having beautiful teeth, I now have 50 percent bone loss in my jaw because of the teeth grinding .
lexapro.Post31.Sentence4	It's signifigant to note that I had been wearing a night guard that was supposed to protect the teeth during this past year.
lexapro.Post31.Sentence5	I see my dentist for regular checkups and cleanings every 4 months, and I get x-rays every year.
lexapro.Post31.Sentence6	My dentist is aghast, Stress and/or anxiety and teeth grinding can cause bone loss.
lexapro.Post31.Sentence7	I was taking Ativan, Ambien, Atenolol and Lexapro for the anxiety and depression and have quit them all cold turkey.
lexapro.Post31.Sentence8	Withdrawal lasted about 2 weeks, but I feel tons better now.
lexapro.Post31.Sentence9	Not worth the side effects.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence1	Constant yawning , severe tremors , headache , lost all sex drive the first day , couldn't orgasm if I tried, terrible jaw clenching , helped somewhat with social anxiety , but general anxiety got worse , panic attacks increased ,.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence2	I was given this med by doc along with Wellbutrin.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence3	The sexual side effects were supposed to be countered by the Welly, Didn't happen.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence4	I have not had sex for 6 months which is putting a strain on the relationship .
lexapro.Post32.Sentence5	SO a little annoyed, but she has just gone through menopause and doesn't seem to be in the mood anyway.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence6	I have quit cold turkey about 3 weeks ago hoping some sex drive will come back.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence7	I am feeling some withdrawl now, I cry at anything.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence8	Anxiety is now though the roof, hands feet sweating, and my memory sucks.
lexapro.Post32.Sentence9	I cant tolerate SSRI's so will have to try something else.
lexapro.Post33.Sentence1	dry mouth , severe thirst , hot flashes all over my body , tightness in my chest , severe diahrea , fuzzy mind , freaquent urination , lost 25 pounds in two weeks, muscle aches , flu like symptons , stomach cramps and tiredness .
lexapro.Post33.Sentence2	i experienced all these symptoms after just one 10mg pill and still sufering the side effects two weeks later.
lexapro.Post33.Sentence3	i would not recomend anyone take this medication for any reason.
lexapro.Post33.Sentence4	it's too dangerous, unless you have a doctor who will listen to you.
lexapro.Post34.Sentence1	I HATED THIS PRODUCT.
lexapro.Post34.Sentence2	i took the 10 mg once and a right now a week and a half later.
lexapro.Post34.Sentence3	i have noticed increases in my headaches , the front of my brain burns and i've noticed an increase in suicidal thoughts and anxiety .
lexapro.Post34.Sentence4	I would not recommend taking this at all.
lexapro.Post34.Sentence5	i wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.
lexapro.Post34.Sentence6	God help me, DON'T TAKE IT.
lexapro.Post35.Sentence1	extreme lethargy ; hungry more than usual ; weight gain ; zero motivation ; memory issues ( short term memory negatively affected ); hopeless ; social anxiety magnified .
lexapro.Post35.Sentence2	I took 10 mg for one month and mainly noticed the fatigue as the biggest side effect, once I was upped to 20 mg though all of the other side effects seemed to take hold of my life.
lexapro.Post35.Sentence3	Not a good experience at all for me.
lexapro.Post36.Sentence1	I didn't take Lexapro long enough to evaluate it for its intended purpose, because I found the sexual side effects intolerable.
lexapro.Post36.Sentence2	I not only lost the ability to orgasm , but stopped having even the slightest feelings of arousal .
lexapro.Post36.Sentence3	Near the end of the two weeks I could feel my frustration as a sort of dull, heavy ache in my stomach , but I couldn't do anything about it because I was basically numb , a nonsexual being .
lexapro.Post36.Sentence4	It was frankly disturbing, and I think going off the drug and feeling healthy and whole again has done more for my depression than any medication ever has.
lexapro.Post36.Sentence5	I've heard great things about what this drug can do for depression , but the side effects are a real possibility.
lexapro.Post36.Sentence6	Just make sure you consider whether or not they are worth it for you.
lexapro.Post37.Sentence1	Increased anxiety , SERIOUS constipation (for which even laxatives and epsom salts barely helped) and stomach cramping , my stomach hurt all the time , disturbed sleep and trouble falling asleep , fatigue , headaches .
lexapro.Post37.Sentence2	Had worsened depression and suicidal thoughts after going off this med- don't know if it's due to the Lexapro or my cycle of depression , just seems worth noting.
lexapro.Post37.Sentence3	I couldn't get past the side effects- have no idea if it would've worked for me.
lexapro.Post38.Sentence1	suicidal thoughts , mood swings , difficulty to concentrate .
lexapro.Post38.Sentence2	I advice people go to this webcite ( the link was removed because of privacy protection) and see what TAAT can do.
lexapro.Post39.Sentence1	GAINED ONE POUND A WEEK for six months , Yep, 30 POUNDS.
lexapro.Post39.Sentence2	Been off of it for eight months, now bigger , have high BP and pre-diabetes because of the weight gain.
lexapro.Post39.Sentence3	I want to sue.
lexapro.Post39.Sentence4	Before I got any fatter, I stopped taking it and my metabolism is MESSED UP .
lexapro.Post39.Sentence5	I eat so much less than I used to, and still can't seem to lose the weight I gained while on Lexapro.
lexapro.Post39.Sentence6	I'd rather be normal sized and anxious than overweight , taking BP meds and insulin medication!
lexapro.Post40.Sentence1	Lack of care for anything important in my life.
lexapro.Post40.Sentence2	Lack of feeling for anything , just lived day by day .
lexapro.Post40.Sentence3	Inability to Ejaculate during sex .
lexapro.Post40.Sentence4	Compared to previous medication I was taking, Lexapro did in fact take away my physical pain I was suffering, but has caused so much more in emotional pain .
lexapro.Post41.Sentence1	Nausea (for about 1 week) , headaches , brain "zaps" occasionally , extreme sleepiness , vivid dreams , loss of sex drive .
lexapro.Post41.Sentence2	After being on Wellbutrin for about 6 months with good results, I went off medication altogether, Unfortunately, my depression returned with a vengeance after about 7 months.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence3	Went back to see a therapist.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence4	Still not too helpful.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence5	Went to see my Doc, was put on Lexapro 10mg.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence6	Some good results.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence7	Went to 20mg after some really tough life circumstances, Side-effects were unmanageable!
lexapro.Post41.Sentence8	Went back down to 10mg after 1 week on the higher dose.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence9	After 3 months on Lexapro and therapy, I will be switching to something else .
lexapro.Post41.Sentence10	perhaps Wellbutrin again?
lexapro.Post41.Sentence11	*BOTTOM LINE: you DON'T have to suffer through your depression, GET HELP!
lexapro.Post41.Sentence12	The most important thing you can do is see a therapist.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence13	Drugs are only a secondary issue.
lexapro.Post41.Sentence14	If you do need drugs, be sure to closely work with your Doc, report side-effects promptly, etc, Don't give up on yourself.
lexapro.Post42.Sentence1	Possible loss of libido .
lexapro.Post42.Sentence2	This medication has done absolutely NOTHING for me.
lexapro.Post42.Sentence3	I am so glad to be off of it.
lexapro.Post42.Sentence4	I started at 5 mg, went up to 10 mg, 15, 20, 30, and even to 40 mg!
lexapro.Post42.Sentence5	At that dosage I was so tired and irritable .
lexapro.Post42.Sentence6	I do not see the point of taking Lexapro-type SSRI's for anxiety , which was my primary issue for taking it.
lexapro.Post42.Sentence7	I do not think Lexapro gave me any seriously adverse side effects.
lexapro.Post42.Sentence8	it just didn't help with the anxious and depressive symptoms.
lexapro.Post42.Sentence9	it may as well have been a sugar pill.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence1	nausea , dizziness , spaciness , lack of coordination , massive headache in morning that lasts all day , feeling generally "hungover ", lack of energy /motivation, dry mouth , jaw clenching , Dr. prescribed this to "give me a better outlook, engergy, and be able to face the day" because of depression related to death of parents/divorce/job cut/ and resulting overwhelming responsibilities related to those factors.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence2	I had a previous bad experience with Zoloft 10 yrs ago when a dr. misdiagnosed my hypothryroidism for depresssion instead.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence3	Was deadly sick for 2 wks and he kept me on it regardless, upped the dosage three times over a year because it wasn't working (duh, it was my thyroid!)
lexapro.Post43.Sentence4	That dr, is history, btw!
lexapro.Post43.Sentence5	This time, I was very leary of taking anything, Lexapro, this doc said has 'no side effects, the gentlest of meds, no addiction, no sexual side effects, etc).
lexapro.Post43.Sentence6	I disagree.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence7	I waited until the weekend to start, just in case problems arise, glad I did.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence8	Took Fri afternoon, nauseous and dizzy immediately, spaced out , went to bed for 2 hrs, got up, couldn't even make dinner , stumbling/spacey.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence9	Next day worthless and in a fog , bad headache .
lexapro.Post43.Sentence10	I waited and took the 2nd dose in evening after dinner so wouldn't have to deal with nausea/dizzy.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence11	Woke up with massive headache , felt like hit by truck , hungover-like .
lexapro.Post43.Sentence12	Got nothing done all day .
lexapro.Post43.Sentence13	Took 3rd dose again Sunday 10 pm before bed, and didn't get up until noon today (Mon).
lexapro.Post43.Sentence14	Called in sick .
lexapro.Post43.Sentence15	Headache still and completely useless, Coffee & tylenol so far- not helping much.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence16	Still in fog as I type this.
lexapro.Post43.Sentence17	Not sure if I want to continue.
lexapro.Post44.Sentence1	I have been losing handfuls of hair every time I brush, wash or run my fingers through it.
lexapro.Post44.Sentence2	I now have to brush my hair outside by the trashcan and I only wash it twice a week.
lexapro.Post44.Sentence3	I've become more depressed about this and cry every day .
lexapro.Post44.Sentence4	I am also so fatigued that I am sleeping several times during the day , as well as 8-9 hours at night.
lexapro.Post44.Sentence5	One month ago at my doctor's appointment, he said that hair loss is not a side effect and to continue the Lexapro.
lexapro.Post44.Sentence6	My research finds that many people suffer this side effect.
lexapro.Post44.Sentence7	I have stopped taking this medication.
lexapro.Post45.Sentence1	Wow this stuff is strong, i took the first 10mg today, and can't focus , i'm totally apathetic .
lexapro.Post45.Sentence2	This lexapro works too much like a neuroleptic.
lexapro.Post45.Sentence3	i hate feeling out of control , detached .
lexapro.Post45.Sentence4	I would rather be depressed than totally anihilated !
lexapro.Post45.Sentence5	Never again.
lexapro.Post46.Sentence1	No sex drive , dull mood .
lexapro.Post46.Sentence2	Generally felt pretty dull and had no sex drive whatsoever.
lexapro.Post46.Sentence3	I don't wanna be sad but does life really have to be that boring?
lexapro.Post46.Sentence4	I drank a lot while on this drug and it made me act kinda crazy .
lexapro.Post46.Sentence5	I know your not suppose to drink when on these meds, but I honestly feel the dull boring mood this drug created for me drove me to.
lexapro.Post46.Sentence6	Prior to taking this medication I was not much of a drinker, and now that Im off it I'm not either.
lexapro.Post47.Sentence1	weight gain ,
lexapro.Post48.Sentence1	Dry mouth in the beginning , decreased sex drive , Didn't do a thing for me, even at the highest dose.
lexapro.Post49.Sentence1	Stomach is in knots , tension in the front part of my head , shakiness , blurred vision .
lexapro.Post49.Sentence2	I took 10mg for the first time last night before bed and I could barely sleep .
lexapro.Post49.Sentence3	I don't even know if I did sleep !
lexapro.Post49.Sentence4	My back hurt so bad in the middle of the night I had to take an Ibuprofen, Now I'm at work and I'm shaking so bad and my stomach is so tight!
lexapro.Post49.Sentence5	I hope this goes away.
lexapro.Post49.Sentence6	I can't seem to focus , my eyes are blurred and sensitive to the light .
lexapro.Post50.Sentence1	LOST MY MIND COMPLETELY , FUNCTIONING AT 28% CONSCIOUSNESS , I ALMOST JUMPED OUT OF A WINDOW , BUT I TOLD MYSELF: "THIS IS NOT ME.
lexapro.Post50.Sentence2	THIS IS THE MEDICINE".
lexapro.Post50.Sentence3	AND CALLED 911) I started on 10 and I felt very depressed still, actually worse, panicky and extremely anxious , then the pdoc doubled my dose to 20!
lexapro.Post50.Sentence4	then I lost it, The hospital told my husband I was functioning at 28% consciousness , I wrote all over my body , talked to the walls , cried HARD , and screamed "dont touch me!"
lexapro.Post50.Sentence5	I was TERRIFIED , felt like I was intoxicated by some horrible drug, they admited me for 5 days , then I quit this drug and started on LAMICTAL which saved my life I now feel content and complete.
lexapro.Post50.Sentence6	:-)
lexapro.Post51.Sentence1	Problems with memory .
lexapro.Post51.Sentence2	Inability to focus /concentrate,
lexapro.Post52.Sentence1	nausea , headache .
lexapro.Post52.Sentence2	i know it's only my 2nd day, but I am nauseated , and have had a headache since 30 minutes after taking the 1st pill.
lexapro.Post52.Sentence3	I asked my phamacist, & he said it should subside.
lexapro.Post52.Sentence4	I'm not sure how many days I could take of this.
lexapro.Post52.Sentence5	Should I pull out now before I have to worry abot withdrawl?
lexapro.Post53.Sentence1	jaw clenching at night , teeth grinding , nausea , constipation , food cravings , weight gain , total loss of sex drive , inability to O, insomnia , loss of taste .
lexapro.Post53.Sentence2	I will be asking my doctor to try something else on my next appointment.
lexapro.Post53.Sentence3	My DH says he can tell my moods are better, but I am making an extreme effort to be more pleasant around my family (I didn't realize how horrible I was before).
lexapro.Post53.Sentence4	I do not feel any better, I still have anxiety , severe foul mood s, complete negative outlook on life .
lexapro.Post53.Sentence5	I can not see that this drug has helped much and I am not willing to continue given the side effects I am experiencing.
lexapro.Post53.Sentence6	I've always had somewhat of a sweet tooth, but now I crave peanut butter cups with a vengance - it is the only thing that still tastes good to me, But, I am also eating like crazy .
lexapro.Post53.Sentence7	If I let myself get hungry, then I get nauseated .
lexapro.Post53.Sentence8	I have gained 10 lbs in 1 month, and am terrified it will continue.
lexapro.Post54.Sentence1	dry mouth , shaky , gas and bloating , upper back ache especially at night, clammy feeling , headache , nervousness .
lexapro.Post54.Sentence2	I stopped taking it because i am a healthy person and i normally feel great physically.
lexapro.Post54.Sentence3	but it made me feel bad and i was scared to continue.
lexapro.Post55.Sentence1	sleeplessness , vivid dreams , hallucinations , tiredness , muscle aches , fluctuating blood pressure , zoned out , Don't take it.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence1	Lethargic , body aches , migranes , Dr. prescribed 20mg daily.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence2	I take it at night.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence3	The first 2 days were great.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence4	I was feeling like my old self again, Then BOOM!
lexapro.Post56.Sentence5	I could not function .
lexapro.Post56.Sentence6	My mind was in a fog .
lexapro.Post56.Sentence7	I didn't care about anything .
lexapro.Post56.Sentence8	The headaches were unbearable .
lexapro.Post56.Sentence9	I have a problem with insomnia anyway so I haven't made a decision to start taking it in the morning yet.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence10	After finding this blog, I've been cutting my pills in half for the past 3 nites.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence11	I didn't feel as lethargic yesterday but didn't go to sleep until 3 a,m.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence12	I'm still unsure about this med.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence13	I've taken all the other anti-depressants over many years and couldn't stand the side effects.
lexapro.Post56.Sentence14	Email me with your suggestions, Please.
lexapro.Post57.Sentence1	Extreme fatigue , difficulty waking up , emotional numbness / detachment , inability to concentrate , forgetfulness , lack of interest in ANYTHING except sleep , inability to reach orgasm with a partner, weakness , excessive urination , dizziness .
lexapro.Post57.Sentence2	It certainly erased the anxiety , but I hardly feel human anymore .
lexapro.Post57.Sentence3	Nothing moves or excites me .
lexapro.Post57.Sentence4	I'm now in the last stage of withdrawal, and I'm still experiencing the fatigue and dizziness and sexual apathy .
lexapro.Post57.Sentence5	I'll take depression any day over this.
lexapro.Post58.Sentence1	Extremely hard to climax during sex, Severe Depression .
lexapro.Post58.Sentence2	I would just stay around and do nothing all day .
lexapro.Post58.Sentence3	However when I did go out I was too numb to the world to have any panic attacks or jitters.
lexapro.Post58.Sentence4	At one point I wanted to kill myself .
lexapro.Post58.Sentence5	I have switched off to wellbutrin.
lexapro.Post58.Sentence6	Now my anxiety is up but my depression is decreasing.
lexapro.Post58.Sentence7	Oh sex no problem.
lexapro.Post58.Sentence8	I feel like im on a seesaw teetering between anxious and depressed .
lexapro.Post58.Sentence9	Alert and Zombie.
lexapro.Post58.Sentence10	Anyone please email me ideas.
lexapro.Post59.Sentence1	Fatigue .
lexapro.Post59.Sentence2	I was tired , and felt extra exhausted all the time .
lexapro.Post59.Sentence3	I started at 5 mg and after a week moved up to 10 mg.
lexapro.Post59.Sentence4	After experiencing those fatigue symptoms and not being able to do, well, anything , I was moved back down to 5 mg which only helped temporarily.
lexapro.Post59.Sentence5	I'm starting Effexor now and I hope that will help.
lexapro.Post60.Sentence1	nausea , diarrhea , sweating , head in the clouds , stoned feeling .
lexapro.Post60.Sentence2	I took it before I went to bed, Days 1 & 2 were good- felt relaxed; Day 3 I was spacey , stoned ; Day 4 I got severely sick : woke up at 3am sweating , diarrhea , heart racing , mind was racing (almost psychotic thoughts), had a panic attack because I was so scared, almost went to emergency room because I could not relax for 4 hours straight!
lexapro.Post61.Sentence1	increased anxiety , more panic attacks , uncontrollably bursting into tears .
lexapro.Post61.Sentence2	i started at 5 mgs, felt like i was on speed for the first few days .
lexapro.Post61.Sentence3	2 weeks later the anxiety had increased into panic , the Dr. had me skip a day then start back at 2.5 mgs daily.
lexapro.Post61.Sentence4	that was ok for about 3 days then i started having constant panic/anxiety, as well as crying a lot at innappropriate times.
lexapro.Post61.Sentence5	i stopped taking the lexapro, the anxiety has lightened a little bit, but the crying hasn't.
lexapro.Post61.Sentence6	i haven't taken the lexapro for over a week.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence1	Headaches , nauseau , dizziness , always on a bad high , inability to concentrate .
lexapro.Post62.Sentence2	Bad diarrhea and abdominal pains .
lexapro.Post62.Sentence3	The desire to just sleep my life away, but not suicidal.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence4	Anxiety got worse .
lexapro.Post62.Sentence5	I do experience some of these symptoms naturally, but it all got worse.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence6	Constant bad headaches and nauseau .
lexapro.Post62.Sentence7	My sex drive did not get any less.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence8	But I do have the inability to eat or care about food.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence9	Too nauseaus to eat anything but a few crackers or some bread.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence10	The nausea is pretty bad normally, so I may try something else.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence11	This one was my first SSRI.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence12	I had more anxiety attacks , acting out on loved ones.
lexapro.Post62.Sentence13	I'm calling the doctor first thing tomorrow morning.
lexapro.Post63.Sentence1	Very hard to take a deep breath like someone is squeezing my lungs.
lexapro.Post63.Sentence2	I seem to be very sensitive to the SSRI's .
lexapro.Post63.Sentence3	I have to take Xanax 3 times a day and I don't think this drug is worth it.
lexapro.Post64.Sentence1	Constipation .
lexapro.Post64.Sentence2	painful, extreme, and constant Weight gain .
lexapro.Post64.Sentence3	20 pounds total in 6 months Appetite increase .
lexapro.Post64.Sentence4	hard to resist eating even while getting fatter.
lexapro.Post64.Sentence5	I don't know if Lexapro helps with depression .
lexapro.Post64.Sentence6	I couldn't tell.
lexapro.Post64.Sentence7	I tried it because my bipolar manifests as depression for the winter months.
lexapro.Post64.Sentence8	All that changed was that I got fat and unable to poop , neither a known depression cure.
lexapro.Post64.Sentence9	It left me just as sad, only bigger and full of poop .
lexapro.Post65.Sentence1	Gained 65lbs while on 20mg, and about 30lbs while on 10mg, Since i've been off it, i've lost 13lbs so far (only been 3 weeks).
lexapro.Post66.Sentence1	Sex drive non-existant , headaches , facial muscle tension .
lexapro.Post66.Sentence2	10mg dose is more than enough .
lexapro.Post66.Sentence3	if I take 20mg, then I feel zombie-like .
lexapro.Post66.Sentence4	Doctor gives me 20mg tablets, I cut them in half.
lexapro.Post67.Sentence1	At first my anxiety increased for the first week or so, but 0.25mg Xanax controlled that.
lexapro.Post67.Sentence2	Sleepless nights also with vivid dreams in the first week as well.
lexapro.Post67.Sentence3	Now in week two, just general tiredness through out the day[eventhough I switched from taking it in the am to in the pm before bed, which did help a bit with tiredness], decrease in hunger , and low to no sex-drive
lexapro.Post68.Sentence1	Started at 10 pmg, Felt better within a week.
lexapro.Post68.Sentence2	Stayed on 10 for 9 mos then went up to 20mg.
lexapro.Post68.Sentence3	brain fog memory loss .
lexapro.Post68.Sentence4	finally attributing to lexapro, atleast at this dosage/ Very apathetic and have gained 20lbs easily .
lexapro.Post68.Sentence5	muscle and joint pain .
lexapro.Post68.Sentence6	dunno if that is related to lexapro.
lexapro.Post68.Sentence7	Helpful with anxiety .
lexapro.Post68.Sentence8	I did not experience sex drive problem.
lexapro.Post68.Sentence9	but i am going down to 10mg again.
lexapro.Post68.Sentence10	then maybe off.
lexapro.Post68.Sentence11	Have tried a majority of these HAPPY pills, none work great and def have side effects, What now?
lexapro.Post68.Sentence12	Duno but i need my brain back !
lexapro.Post68.Sentence13	lol
lexapro.Post69.Sentence1	At first, all the usual ( dry mouth , dry eyes , tight jaw , dizziness , stoned feeling , nausea ) but they went away after a month.
lexapro.Post69.Sentence2	Then after a few months, more serious effects that I now believe were from the Lexapro started, like all-over itching and severe middle back pain , especially at night and upon waking in AM.
lexapro.Post69.Sentence3	When I reduced dose from 20 mg to 10, both completely went away.
lexapro.Post69.Sentence4	Now I have terrible acne and infected cysts under one arm and might go off it all together to see if connected.
lexapro.Post69.Sentence5	Lexapro really helps with my anger problem, especially toward my kids and husband.
lexapro.Post69.Sentence6	I did go off for a month and the inappropriate anger came right back so now I'm thinking of sw itching to another SSRI that doesn't cause back pain , cysts and itching, not to mention wanting to sleep 13 hours a night.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence1	Lack of motivation , VERY TIRED all the time , memory loss - feel scatter brained .
lexapro.Post70.Sentence2	I take citalopram which is genaric for lexapro.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence3	I started on 10mg and continued to have anxiety so the dosage was increased.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence4	I take it at night and have found that it helps me sleep.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence5	When I don't take it, (if I miss my dose) I have difficulty sleeping.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence6	I feel so tired all the time that I don't have the energy to do basic every day household tasks.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence7	Then I feel guilty for being lazy .
lexapro.Post70.Sentence8	I have to take a nap every day .
lexapro.Post70.Sentence9	I also have difficulty remembering things and feel scatterbrained .
lexapro.Post70.Sentence10	I will think of something that I need to do and less than a minute later I have forgotten what it was that I needed to do.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence11	I have a Dr.'s appt.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence12	soon and I will share this with my doctor.
lexapro.Post70.Sentence13	I would like to try a different antidepressant because the loss of motivation and being tired all the time is making me feel lazy , worthless , and almost as depressed as before I started taking it.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence1	Initially, Lexapro seemed to agree with me except for the occasional bad nightmare , Now, after 4 years of use, I am no longer depressed , but I am exhausted all the time .
lexapro.Post71.Sentence2	I spend most of my spare time in bed sleeping .
lexapro.Post71.Sentence3	I'm barely participating in life .
lexapro.Post71.Sentence4	I seriously thought I had chronic fatigue syndrome, but after reading about other people's experiences, now I suspect it's the Lexapro.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence5	I am unable to drive on the freeway because of panic attacks while driving, Also, my body fat has been redistributed to my abdomen.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence6	Normally my waist is 10-12 inches smaller than my hips, but now it is about 5 inches smaller .
lexapro.Post71.Sentence7	Not a good look!
lexapro.Post71.Sentence8	My side effects from Lexapro are worse than my side effects from Zyprexa, and that's saying a lot.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence9	I've been taking one antidepressant or another since 1989) Prozac was my favorite, but it stopped working after 10 years.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence10	I tried Effexor, but it created blood pressure issues.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence11	Because of that, I asked my psychiatrist to switch me to Lexapro.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence12	He seemed reluctant, but went along with it.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence13	I do feel Lexapro helped me recover from the severe episode.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence14	I started taking Lexapro in the 4th year of the episode, and recovered in the 5th year, Now it's 3 years post recovery, and I wish I hadn't stayed on it this long.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence15	Because of my history, I continued to take it as a sort of insurance poplicy against future episodes.
lexapro.Post71.Sentence16	Now I feel I am paying too high of a price in terms of my health and future, and I am going to discontinue taking it, very slowly.
lexapro.Post72.Sentence1	I often contemplate suicide Not sure whether I'll overcome that.
lexapro.Post72.Sentence2	I think anyone contemplating using this should be very cautious, o
lexapro.Post73.Sentence1	i have not started taking this yet.
lexapro.Post73.Sentence2	I was just taken off EffexorXR after 2weeks because i had an allergic reaction to it.
lexapro.Post73.Sentence3	Which sucks because it was working really good.
lexapro.Post73.Sentence4	Now my Dr. Wants me to try Lexapro.
lexapro.Post73.Sentence5	I cant figure out if i should take it at night or in the morning?
lexapro.Post73.Sentence6	And Im really tempted not to take it at all .
lexapro.Post73.Sentence7	probably not a good idea?
lexapro.Post73.Sentence8	I appriciate all this info.
lexapro.Post74.Sentence1	Nice, Nice
lexapro.Post75.Sentence1	Had dry mouth for a few days , it might have aggravated a stomach problem I already had but I'm not sure.
lexapro.Post75.Sentence2	Started feeling the effects after 5 days or so .
lexapro.Post75.Sentence3	I basically needed to use it to get rid of a severe anxiety that I let gradually build up on its own before I did anything about it, but I could feel it working in situations where I would normally get a little anxious as well.
lexapro.Post75.Sentence4	After about a few weeks it leveled off.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence1	Fatigue , dry mouth , constipation , memory loss , insomnia , low libido ,and weight gain .
lexapro.Post76.Sentence2	I struggle to wake up in the morning , after finally getting to sleep.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence3	I have fluctuating hormones too.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence4	I am struggling to learn new things .
lexapro.Post76.Sentence5	I'm back in college.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence6	I take 10mg per day.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence7	I also take Wellbutrin XL.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence8	I've been on some kind of SSRI for 12 years.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence9	I also have a lack of motivation .
lexapro.Post76.Sentence10	I feel that I don't have passion about anything in my life.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence11	It's like not having emotions at all.
lexapro.Post76.Sentence12	I want to go off, but get the "brain zaps" really bad, Email me, if you know of something that might help.
lexapro.Post77.Sentence1	WEIGHT Gain , complete loss of libido .
lexapro.Post77.Sentence2	I was so excited to start it as I was on Effexor for years but it had negative effects on my BP .
lexapro.Post77.Sentence3	And I gained 24 pounds , have no sexual desire and still have moody days .
lexapro.Post77.Sentence4	Just switched to Pristiq and hope to get rid of weight and regain sexual desire.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence1	I'm jittery and feel like I'm going to jump out of my skin after taking my dose.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence2	A few hours later that seems to cease and I become really tired .
lexapro.Post78.Sentence3	Having trouble falling asleep and staying asleep already.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence4	Clenching my jaw has gotten worse since I've been on it.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence5	I feel like I want to go run or jump up and down or something to get rid of this excess energy .
lexapro.Post78.Sentence6	I am only on Day 2 of Lexapro and taking 10mg/day.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence7	I feel really strange but am hoping I even out some after being on it for awhile.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence8	I also had some really strange images while trying to go to sleep last night.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence9	I wasn't asleep so I can't call it a dream/nightmare, but definitely strange nonetheless.
lexapro.Post78.Sentence10	I imagine this is what it feels like to be on crack .
lexapro.Post79.Sentence1	slight nausea and shakiness and feeling very anxious particularly in the morning.
lexapro.Post79.Sentence2	Its early days so far but I do think it has taken the edge of my anxiety and obsessing .
lexapro.Post79.Sentence3	The depression is so terrible that I am very keen to give Lexapro a fair try.
lexapro.Post79.Sentence4	This site is fantastic it makes you realize you are not alone and that is a great help in itself.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence1	Diarrhea , inability to orgasm , loss of sexual pleasure , significant weight gain , withdrawal was not pleasant.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence2	I would say that the drug did remove the initial anxiety and depression I was feeling.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence3	It did not help improve my memory nor do anything for my social anxiety though.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence4	The first 6 weeks there was a lot of running to the bathroom .
lexapro.Post80.Sentence5	I don't see how someone like a truck driver could ever take this drug.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence6	As time went on, my sexual sensitivity began to diminish , my weight began to skyrocket (20+ lbs) and the benefits of the drug began to be outweighed by the anxiety and depression caused by getting fat and sexual dysfunction .
lexapro.Post80.Sentence7	so I quit and decided to take a cognitive approach (listening to self-help tapes with positive messaging) and exercise.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence8	It's been a few months without and I'm OK .
lexapro.Post80.Sentence9	but withdrawal is a *bitch*.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence10	To me it feels like you are feverish and it lasted maybe 5-6 weeks, Let's not be too dramatic here .
lexapro.Post80.Sentence11	I didn't feel like it was the end of the world, but it was no walk in the park.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence12	I did half my dose for 2 weeks before quitting, though.
lexapro.Post80.Sentence13	Despite all this, looking back, it might have been what I needed for the time that I was on it.
lexapro.Post81.Sentence1	Dialated pupils .
lexapro.Post81.Sentence2	Anxiety is still there.
lexapro.Post81.Sentence3	Taking ativan with it.
lexapro.Post81.Sentence4	Nauseaus and racy heart , Blurred vision .
lexapro.Post81.Sentence5	How long will these effects last.
lexapro.Post81.Sentence6	I have only been on it 1 day.
lexapro.Post82.Sentence1	Night Sweats , decreased sex drive , headaches , weight gain , fatigue , jaw clenching .
lexapro.Post82.Sentence2	I was on 20 mg a day for almost 2 years.
lexapro.Post82.Sentence3	The first year was great, other than a decreased sex drive .
lexapro.Post82.Sentence4	The 2nd year is when all the other symptoms started.
lexapro.Post82.Sentence5	I am waking up every night absolutely soaked in sweat (I can wring out my t-shirt and have drops of sweat coming out).
lexapro.Post82.Sentence6	I haven't had a good night's sleep in a year because of the night sweats .
lexapro.Post83.Sentence1	BEWARE.
lexapro.Post83.Sentence2	the generics of Lexapro are NOT all the same.
lexapro.Post83.Sentence3	They vary greatly in how effective they are.
lexapro.Post83.Sentence4	Most generics are made overseas in India or China.
lexapro.Post83.Sentence5	I had to go to three pharmacies before I could find one that did not cause serious side effects, Again, please be very careful when changing over to the generic of Lexapro.
lexapro.Post83.Sentence6	The best manufacturer I have found is Lupen.
lexapro.Post84.Sentence1	Alcohol-related blackouts , super-intense dreams , sleepy , nervous .
lexapro.Post84.Sentence2	Worked really well first six months or so for my depression but after several freaky alcohol incidents where I drank 3-4 glasses of wine and then blacked out completely , I cut down my dosage from 20 to 10 mg and plan to go back on Welbutrin at my next doctor's consult.
lexapro.Post84.Sentence3	I have never had more interesting dreams than those I had on Lexipro .
lexapro.Post84.Sentence4	I'll miss those: very detailed, vivid, fascinating, cinematic-like dreams , Amazing, But, my friends complained that I acted completely out of character when I drank, and I don't remember anything I said or did, so I've decided this isn't right for me.
lexapro.Post85.Sentence1	My blood pressure rose more than 10 points after taking the first Lexapro 10 mg. My normal BP is about 110/70, it rose to 134/88) I cut down to 5 mg, and my blood pressure stayed at about 124/84 until about 4 days after stopping.
lexapro.Post85.Sentence2	It is now back to 112/72) Lexapro worked great for my depression after only 2 days.
lexapro.Post85.Sentence3	It did not do a lot for the anxiety initially, but I only took 3) The blood pressure issue , however, was enough to make my psychiatrist encourage me to stop.
lexapro.Post85.Sentence4	By the way, I had no withdrawl side effects after just two 10 mg, and one 5) I would suggest checking blood pressure BEFORE starting Lexapro, and check regularly afterwards.
lexapro.Post86.Sentence1	less libido , tired always , sleep a lot , 15 mg, doesnt do much, little more relaxed about problems, maybee I go up to 17,5 mg or 20 mg and I will give it a try the next 2 months.
lexapro.Post86.Sentence2	If still not working slowly going off.
lexapro.Post87.Sentence1	poor short-term memory , increased alcohol craving , increased reaction to alcohol / blackouts , vivid dreams , sleep disturbances ( talking in sleep ), weight gain (15+ lbs) and decreased sex drive .
lexapro.Post87.Sentence2	Not sure if Lexapro really helped with my depression and anxiety , fortunately have a good therapist and positive environmental changes.
lexapro.Post87.Sentence3	Side effects were apparent almost immediately (except weight gain which happened gradually, but drastically accumulated-never been this heavy before in my life).
lexapro.Post87.Sentence4	Added Wellbutrin to try to counter-act Lexapro side effects, but not doing the trick.
lexapro.Post87.Sentence5	Going off Lexapro SLOWLY at the moment, withdrawal symptoms( from missing a dose) very strong-brain zaps, dizziness, weakness and fatigue.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence1	Severe cotton mouth , mood was exceptionally elevated (too elevated) until it tapered off, Disturbing, lucid dream for about 6 weeks .
lexapro.Post88.Sentence2	Felt normal for about 8 months, and then I felt nothing.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence3	I wasn't depressed, or sad, or happy, or angry .
lexapro.Post88.Sentence4	I just was.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence5	After taking lexapro for a little over a year I decided to stop taking it as it was no longer working.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence6	I did this without doctor supervision .
lexapro.Post88.Sentence7	a horrible mistake as I had a feeling of euphoria for about 3 months.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence8	I did things I normally wouldn't do, bought expensive things I couldn't afford.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence9	Four years later and I'm still paying for it .
lexapro.Post88.Sentence10	in more ways than one!
lexapro.Post88.Sentence11	This was my first antidepressant and it worked great for a while.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence12	Changed my life.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence13	The withdrawal was awful.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence14	I couldn't sleep at night but all I wanted to do during the day was sleep, I had no appetite.
lexapro.Post88.Sentence15	After another year of no antidepressants I was prescribed Celexa, which works much better for me.
lexapro.Post89.Sentence1	None really.
lexapro.Post89.Sentence2	Lexapro is a good drug for anxiety .
lexapro.Post89.Sentence3	It is way better than Paxil.
lexapro.Post89.Sentence4	I didn't really feel many benefits for my depression though.
lexapro.Post89.Sentence5	I have recently switched to Cymbalta but I would go back to Lexapro if need be.
lexapro.Post90.Sentence1	nervousness / shakines s, occasional "electrical zaps" that so many people report with SSRI's, diahrrea and constipation , the urge to drink more alcohol .
lexapro.Post90.Sentence2	Lexapro has helped with my depression , but not so much the anxiety .
lexapro.Post90.Sentence3	started at 5mg and am now at 15mg after about a month.
lexapro.Post90.Sentence4	doctor wants me to go up to 20mg, but i'm not sure about that.
lexapro.Post90.Sentence5	I've taken many ssri's (paxil cr, zoloft, prozac) and this one isn't much different.
lexapro.Post90.Sentence6	I've been noticing that the times i was on an ssri, i drank a lot more alcohol than when not on one.
lexapro.Post90.Sentence7	Paxil was especially bad in this case, However, lexapro has had no effect on my libido, In fact, it may have increased it, ssri's are notorious for killing one's sex drive but this drug hasn't in my case.
lexapro.Post91.Sentence1	The first two or three days, I felt dizzy and tired .
lexapro.Post91.Sentence2	But that has gone away.
lexapro.Post91.Sentence3	I will be going back to the doctor in 2 weeks, I am on 10 mg and I think we will have to go to 20mg, because I still feel anxious ( chest is tight , heavy sighing .).
lexapro.Post91.Sentence4	I like this anti depresant better than Paxil which made me a zombie.
lexapro.Post91.Sentence5	I am able to sleep at night on this drug, my sexual drive is fine, and I don't seem to eat out of stress.
lexapro.Post92.Sentence1	first day or two- felt "out of it" , extreme fatigue , Currently (3 wks), I am having bruising , hair loss , fatigue , can't sleep through the night , increased anxiety when I wake, jaw clenching , and difficulty having orgasm .
lexapro.Post92.Sentence2	I really didn't think that I was depressed , but I think since taking the Lexapro, my mood has lifted .
lexapro.Post92.Sentence3	I seem to have a more positive outlook.
lexapro.Post92.Sentence4	My anxiety improved slightly for a week, but this week seems to be worse than ever.
lexapro.Post92.Sentence5	I'm going to continue taking it in hopes that I will see improvement over the next 3 to 4 weeks.
lexapro.Post92.Sentence6	Years ago I was treated for depression and took Prozac.
lexapro.Post92.Sentence7	It saved my life!
lexapro.Post92.Sentence8	Since anxiety was the main issue this time, I didn't push for the Prozac.
lexapro.Post92.Sentence9	I'm not really thrilled with the Lexapro, but I will keep you posted.
lexapro.Post93.Sentence1	The 1ST time taking the Lexapro .
lexapro.Post93.Sentence2	Slight nausea and somnolence , 2ND Time .
lexapro.Post93.Sentence3	Nausea ; vomiting ; suicidal thoughts ; slight schizophrenia ; tremors ; increased anxiety ; agitation resulting in violent thoughts ; psychosis .
lexapro.Post93.Sentence4	This medication orginally did wonders for my wellbeing and anxiety , However, I needed to come off it as it often impaired my memory .
lexapro.Post93.Sentence5	to the point where school was becoming arduous, Then, when I got worse, they put me back on it, That time, however, was the most horrendous experience of my life.
lexapro.Post93.Sentence6	I sat with my head over the toilet vomiting whilst slurring random words and throwing toiletries at the people who surounded me.
lexapro.Post93.Sentence7	Apparently I refused help because I thought they (my parents, and later, the nurses at ER) were trying to poison me.
lexapro.Post93.Sentence8	Be very careful about this drug, but it helped me immensely the first time, Be wary, but don't be completely close-minded either.
lexapro.Post94.Sentence1	it made me calm.
lexapro.Post94.Sentence2	no worries or anything.
lexapro.Post94.Sentence3	THIS STUFF MADE ME SOOOOOOO TIRED AND I CANT EVEN GET AN ORGASM !
lexapro.Post95.Sentence1	I must say that this medication helped with depression .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence2	Right after i started it my crying spells stopped and suicidal thoughts were gone.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence3	In the beginning I felt rather numb not happier.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence4	I have goten much calmer and was able to to face day to day problems without huge anxiety and stress , So overall .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence5	it probably saved me.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence6	Side effects included: First month or so: going back and forth from being quite and calm to being extremaly anxious without a reason especially about two hours after taking the doze, Very vivid, weird dreams, occasional nightmares every night for about 2 months .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence7	Dialated pupils after a few weeks of taking, to the point of blurred vision .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence8	Gone after 2 weeks.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence9	Incredible sweet tooth .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence10	couldn't stop myself from eating sweets .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence11	Just eat cereal and fruit if you don't want to gain weight.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence12	This has subsided after a month or so, Constipation .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence13	didn't go away.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence14	I eat youghurts and this helps a little.
lexapro.Post95.Sentence15	The worst side effect that I still expirience are: Libido is nonexistan .
lexapro.Post95.Sentence16	I started with 5mg a day and worked up to 10mg a day after a couple of weeks.
lexapro.Post96.Sentence1	Initially, a loss of appetite , weight loss in first 5 days , spaced out feeling.
lexapro.Post96.Sentence2	After about the first 2 weeks, my moods leveled out , I felt mentally numb .
lexapro.Post96.Sentence3	No matter what happened, I didnt seem to react .
lexapro.Post96.Sentence4	I liked the feeling I had while taking it, but what made me quit was the sexual side effect s and a 15 pound weight gain in 3 months.
lexapro.Post96.Sentence5	I had an increase in Libido along with an inability to orgasm , Extremely Frustrating.
lexapro.Post97.Sentence1	Started it after just going off 15 mg of paxil, tritrated down within 3 weeks.
lexapro.Post97.Sentence2	At first it was great then as the paxil slowly left, I feel too up, even though I wanted to feel awake which I really neverdid withthe paxil.
lexapro.Post97.Sentence3	I am currently at 2,5) I tried going up to 3. and after 3 days felt like I couldn't stop moving , but was hard to focus so I did things like wash my kitchen floor etc.
lexapro.Post97.Sentence4	I called my dr. office they told me to drop it down to 2.5 until they could see me.
lexapro.Post97.Sentence5	I was able before last night to take it at bedtime and fall asleep, last night I had to take a tiny bit, less than 1/8 ativan to get to sleep.
lexapro.Post97.Sentence6	Will this go away?
lexapro.Post98.Sentence1	Weight gain , fuzzy head .
lexapro.Post98.Sentence2	Gained 20lbs in 4 months.
lexapro.Post98.Sentence3	I am tapering off and wished I would have just worked out more at the gym rather than taking an AD.
lexapro.Post98.Sentence4	I have never been on any type of AD before and feel that the doctor will give this pill to anyone who is feeling a little sad.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence1	Took it in the evening and experienced nausea and drowsiness .
lexapro.Post99.Sentence2	The following day had increased anxiety and restlessness .
lexapro.Post99.Sentence3	I experienced full blown panic attacks when starting Effexor so began with only 2,5mg.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence4	When the side effects subsided I upped dose to 5mg., then 7,5mg.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence5	Tried to up dose to the recommended 10 mg. but side effects did not seem to lessen with time.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence6	I am currently taking 5mg.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence7	in the evening and added Wellbutrin 200mg.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence8	in the morning.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence9	The Lexapro alone actually seemed to increase my desire to just do nothing and want to be left alone .
lexapro.Post99.Sentence10	I had used Wellbutrin before and experienced more constructive energy.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence11	Also had the side effect of irritability and just feeling grumpy too often along with jumpiness.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence12	The Lexapro seems to have made it possible to take Wellbutrin without the negative side effects.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence13	I am still not exactly where I want to be mentally and am considering upping my dose of the Wellbutrin to 300mg, XL.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence14	Hopefully the Lexapro combined with this will do the trick.
lexapro.Post99.Sentence15	I should also note that I had no problems with depression (just normal low moods occasionally) before I started pe
lexapro.Post100.Sentence1	Woke up in the middle of the night and couldn't fall back asleep.
lexapro.Post100.Sentence2	Called in sick to work because I was feeling dizzy and nauseous , sweaty hands , decreased appetite , numbness in the back of my head , sore neck , keep feeling like I need to stretch , feeling disconnected , at the same time got a body buzz and an overall calm feeling.
lexapro.Post100.Sentence3	Felt tired and slow all day .
lexapro.Post100.Sentence4	Taking it a day at a time.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence1	At 10mg/day for 2 months, my depression persisted and my doctor increased me to 20mg/day.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence2	For the entire time I've been taking Lexapro, I've had no sex drive, erectile dysfunction, and only three orgasms during intercourse.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence3	Prior to that I was having one or more orgasms per week with my wife of 19 years.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence4	This was only acceptable because my depression symptoms went away,completely.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence5	I've only had a slight reduction in my ability to concentrate .
lexapro.Post101.Sentence6	My doctor dropped me down to 10mg/day today and I'm taking it at night, DON'T STOP TAKING IT WITHOUT A PLAN.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence7	I was away on travel and was without for five days.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence8	First two days,no problem.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence9	Day three I was very anxious.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence10	Days four and five were hell.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence11	I was like a squirrel on crack,no sleep, couldn't concentrate, metallic taste in mouth, JAW WENT NUMB!
lexapro.Post101.Sentence12	It was horrible.
lexapro.Post101.Sentence13	I feel like I've been chemically neutered .
lexapro.Post102.Sentence1	fuzzy "high" feeling , sleepy , can't stop yawning .
lexapro.Post102.Sentence2	It's six days now and the obsessive endless thoughts about a bad event in my life are already subsiding.
lexapro.Post102.Sentence3	I noticed that almost from day one.
lexapro.Post102.Sentence4	I feel calmer, That's all good.
lexapro.Post102.Sentence5	On the down side, I feel as if I'm in a fog .
lexapro.Post102.Sentence6	I can still do my work, but I want to SLEEP and I wake up groggy .
lexapro.Post102.Sentence7	Kind of reminds me of the few times when I've been sick and taken sudafed, except there's more sleepiness.
lexapro.Post102.Sentence8	It's not exactly a pleasant feeling and I hope that it'll pass, as I am not interested in remaining a semi-zombie -there are lots of things I want and need to do in my life.
lexapro.Post102.Sentence9	I am taking 5 mg. Can orgasm easily so far (I've been checking), If anything, my appetite's diminished , But it's only been 6 days, and I expect things will change.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence1	Irritability , extreme hosility if I went up on higher doses.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence2	It worked for my anxiety for a year and then it stopped.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence3	I have no idea why.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence4	It just stopped.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence5	It wasn't really helpful for my depression , but then again none of the SSRIs were.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence6	It didn't have any effect on my sex drive surprisingly.
lexapro.Post103.Sentence7	I stopped taking it several months ago but I thought it would be good to share this experience.
lexapro.Post104.Sentence1	Lack of motivation .
lexapro.Post104.Sentence2	Slowing of cognitive thoughts , constipation(mild) .
lexapro.Post104.Sentence3	Good drug in terms of lack of side effects, specially when compared to other antidepressants, After awhile, the drug just made me numb , I couldnt really feel anything , and there was a desire in me to look for stimulation elsewhere.
lexapro.Post104.Sentence4	I bought this root stimulating shampoo, and a follicle stimulator cause my head felt numb , wouldn't take showers cuz i would feel numb afterwards.
lexapro.Post104.Sentence5	If not for the numbness this would be a great drug.
lexapro.Post105.Sentence1	sweating , not able to stay asleep through the night , dry skin and hair, constant licking my lips ( pill rolling) as its called, tingling body experience, ring in ears , headaches .
lexapro.Post105.Sentence2	started on 20 mg and was lowered to 10 also was on the generic instead of the brand name of this.
lexapro.Post105.Sentence3	but now on the brand and hoping it will end some of these affects as my dr. said alot of people cannot take this in other than the brand name so we shall see
lexapro.Post106.Sentence1	First week; high, Second week; good mood, headaches, chest pains; third week; break through depression and fatigue, fourth week; still very tired , Doctor upped dose from 10 to 20mg and now I'm dreadfully zombie like .
lexapro.Post106.Sentence2	My brain is at a standstill .
lexapro.Post106.Sentence3	Kind of a relief from racing thoughts , but scary because I might as well be in a coma.
lexapro.Post106.Sentence4	I think it would be good in combination with a stimulant of some kind.
lexapro.Post106.Sentence5	I like not feeling depressed , but I feel like I am being made to feel happy against my will .
lexapro.Post106.Sentence6	It's like a false sense of peace .
lexapro.Post106.Sentence7	It is not the true sense of peace that comes from God.
lexapro.Post106.Sentence8	I think of this time of my life as taking a well needed break, That's what Lexapro is.
lexapro.Post106.Sentence9	a vacation from reality, Now I'll have to face withdrawl when it is time to get off the stuff, YIKES!
lexapro.Post107.Sentence1	Jaw Clenching , Headache-seems to be fading , Worse Brain Fog than fibromyalgia alone, More Extreme Fatigue , loss of appetite control , seems no help with fibro pain, dry mouth , heart palpitations , urine retention ?, edema .
lexapro.Post107.Sentence2	I had to stop taking citalopram because highest dose stopped working for MDD , panic , and anxiety .
lexapro.Post107.Sentence3	This means fibromyalgia pain is back with a vengeance, However, I no longer am suicidal and this got rid of a 4-day-long panic attack within 1 day of commencing.
lexapro.Post107.Sentence4	I deal with massive exhaustion from FMS , pmdd , shingles , and EDS , and this has made it worse, though I'm making it through work.
lexapro.Post107.Sentence5	Hoping that fades or it's time for stimulant!
lexapro.Post107.Sentence6	Also, hugely improved productivity; I'm unfrozen, However, this is countered by a waning desire to spend quality time with quality people, but I'm forcing myself beyond that because friends are priceless.
lexapro.Post107.Sentence7	A little concerned that loss of control with appetite will cause weight gain that will depress me, Also, brain fog may be clearing a bit.
lexapro.Post108.Sentence1	None Yet.
lexapro.Post108.Sentence2	I started taking lexapro to help with depression ,I think for me its depression that leads to my anxiety ,not the other way around.
lexapro.Post108.Sentence3	I still have a hard time getting up in the morning .
lexapro.Post108.Sentence4	My outlook is depressing .
lexapro.Post108.Sentence5	I'll continue and see what happens.
lexapro.Post108.Sentence6	I've had no real noticeable side effects.
lexapro.Post109.Sentence1	I experience frequent headaches as well as insomnia -which has led to a mild addiction to sleeping aids.
lexapro.Post109.Sentence2	Vivid dreams and nightmares .
lexapro.Post109.Sentence3	Total loss of libido , Fogginess / Forgetfullness , Teeth clenching .
lexapro.Post109.Sentence4	Anxiousness and anger .
lexapro.Post109.Sentence5	It has definately helped with my uncontrollable crying and incesant thoughts about death , However, the main reason I take it is for anxiety .
lexapro.Post109.Sentence6	At first it helped, but now after a few months, I cannot tell a difference.
lexapro.Post109.Sentence7	I've also gained about 60 pounds because I became more depressed and freaked out , leading me to just give up on a healthy lifestyle as well as failing an entire semester at my university .
lexapro.Post109.Sentence8	I am being switched to Wellbutrin XL.
lexapro.Post110.Sentence1	light headed and increased anxiety the first few days , then subsided.
lexapro.Post110.Sentence2	the following side effects continue, sometimes more markedly than at other times: night sweats , excessive yawning , decreased sex drive , weight gain , vivid dreams , insomnia .
lexapro.Post110.Sentence3	stopped using lexapro for 4 months or so and became extremely depressed again.
lexapro.Post110.Sentence4	went back on the lexapro and within 3 weeks i felt much better and by week 6 i was back to even keel again.
lexapro.Post111.Sentence1	a day and a half of nausea .
lexapro.Post111.Sentence2	that's it.
lexapro.Post111.Sentence3	I suffered from depression since high school but was able to function very well/my feelings got hurt easily and my depression worsened before my period/over the last two years my depression became a daily hindrance with a lot of crying and negative thinking .
lexapro.Post111.Sentence4	I never took any meds and was scared to death to start/but I did (5mg)/after two days, my feelings improved greatly/bad things just slide off my back/I feel like a new person
lexapro.Post112.Sentence1	Dizziness , Dry mouth , Yawning .
lexapro.Post112.Sentence2	All left after a couple of weeks, Erectile disfunction .
lexapro.Post112.Sentence3	Inability to orgasm .
lexapro.Post112.Sentence4	Lack of sexual desire .
lexapro.Post112.Sentence5	2 months now and so far so good.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence6	Lexapro has certainly lifted my mood and allowed me to think clearly and comfortably.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence7	It's also got me more motivated,out of my chair and into some mild exercise.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence8	I intend to stay on it for a while.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence9	The only side effect that's really concerned me is the sexual one .
lexapro.Post112.Sentence10	However the inability to orgasm has been addressed by use of a prostate massager which works well despite being embarrassing.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence11	I'm slowly beginning to have erections again so I expect that eventually the orgasm inability will resolve itself.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence12	Another reviewer above mentioned in his case it took several months.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence13	I began with ten and moved to twenty after a month.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence14	I don't intend to escalate.
lexapro.Post112.Sentence15	I'll report again at 6 months.
lexapro.Post113.Sentence1	it helped a lot.
lexapro.Post113.Sentence2	i have no problems with all the people in stores and i can speak infront of people a lot easier then before.
lexapro.Post113.Sentence3	its really hard to quiet.
lexapro.Post113.Sentence4	dont stop taking it all at once because you get really dizzy and feel sick and its not fun.
lexapro.Post114.Sentence1	yawning , fatigue , loss of libido / ability to ejaculate , loss of emotional range .
lexapro.Post114.Sentence2	I started with 10mg for a few weeks.
lexapro.Post114.Sentence3	This dosage made me very sleepy about 5 hours after taking it.
lexapro.Post114.Sentence4	I would yawn constantly and uncontrollably .
lexapro.Post114.Sentence5	I cut back to 5mg and started taking the medication in the evening.
lexapro.Post114.Sentence6	This helped tremendously.
lexapro.Post114.Sentence7	The sleepiness disappeared, However, I have problems ejaculating .
lexapro.Post114.Sentence8	And while I am now very slow to anger , I am slow very slow to excite .
lexapro.Post114.Sentence9	My emotions feel muted , and my former compulsiveness is replaced with listlessness .
lexapro.Post114.Sentence10	I am not depressed , but I feel that life is without excitement .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence1	weight gain , spaced-out / zombie-like /"dream"-like feeling, sweating , increased appetite , sleep too deep .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence2	This drug does help me.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence3	My life is easier, lighter, I'm capable of working out the issues that lead me to depression , when before all I could do was cry .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence4	I'm also taking vitamins that increase seratonin level in my body, Omega3, Flax Seed oil, 5HTP, B12) I started Lexapro with a 1/4 of the 10 mg, then increased it to 1/2; now I'm back to 1/4; eventually I'm going off of it.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence5	The reason is weight gain .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence6	I've gained 10 lb of pure fat in the past year, Literally FAT.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence7	I exercise, I eat healthy, Although, 4 months ago I quit smoking/drinking alcohol, after that I'm craving food all the time , mostly sweets.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence8	Sweating for the first 7-8 months was AWFUL .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence9	I felt on fire .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence10	I'd sweat so much , I had to change my clothes a few times a day.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence11	Nights were the worst, especially before my period, Now it's almost unnoticeable.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence12	Sometimes I feel zombie-like , like life is out of focus .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence13	I have vivid dreams , but I always had them & I enjoy them.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence14	The draw back is sometimes my life is so dream-like , while my dreams are so life-like , that I constantly confuse what I dreamed & what I lived .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence15	Sometimes I sleep so deep, that I can't even wake up to use the bathroom .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence16	I would lie there a little awake (mostly asleep), with my bladder nagging me to get up, but I wouldn't be able to for hours.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence17	When I do get up .
lexapro.Post115.Sentence18	I'm so drowsy , I walk as if had 5 bottles of vodka.
lexapro.Post115.Sentence19	Since scientists know very little about moods, mental issues, feelings, soul-ache, etc I'd say there's no right medicine & they all affect us
lexapro.Post116.Sentence1	Gain weigth & low sexual drive .
lexapro.Post116.Sentence2	I ahve taken this medication for many years and I have gain weith (about 10 LBS) and the worst part is that despite that I work out 5 times per week I havenot being able to loose weight , Also, my sexual drive is very low , problem with erection .
lexapro.Post117.Sentence1	Difficulty climaxing !
lexapro.Post117.Sentence2	Weight gain , decreased enthusiam /energy to do things.
lexapro.Post117.Sentence3	Hard to be motivated , Increased appetite .
lexapro.Post117.Sentence4	Lexapro helped me get through a very rough time in my life and for that I am thankful.
lexapro.Post117.Sentence5	Now I am trying to get off of the meds (pretty rough) to alleviate the negative side effects and return to a more natural state.
lexapro.Post117.Sentence6	I recommend Lexapro.
lexapro.Post118.Sentence1	1) Strong headaches for the first 1-2 months, 2) Interest in sex has decreased significantly (50-75%).
lexapro.Post118.Sentence2	Lexapro keeps me out of deep depression .
lexapro.Post118.Sentence3	This medicine is not a magic cure .
lexapro.Post118.Sentence4	I still have down days , and am frequently moody , But, life is better with it than without it.
lexapro.Post119.Sentence1	Dry mouth , some sleepiness and excessive yawning .
lexapro.Post119.Sentence2	This has been a god send for me.
lexapro.Post119.Sentence3	Before I was barely functional and honestly might not be here.
lexapro.Post119.Sentence4	Any side effects were , for me, tolerable compared to the benefits.
lexapro.Post119.Sentence5	They pretty much disappeared after two weeks or so.
lexapro.Post120.Sentence1	At first: Headache, nausea, trembling belly, loss of appetite, nervousness (All went away in a few weeks.).
lexapro.Post120.Sentence2	I'm also on Xanax (have been for many years).
lexapro.Post120.Sentence3	10mgs daily Lexapro has helped my anxiety and has chilled me out .
lexapro.Post120.Sentence4	I don't get as upset about things nor do I worry myself crazy anymore.
lexapro.Post120.Sentence5	I am, however, TIRED !
lexapro.Post120.Sentence6	Then again, with Xanax and Lexapro, I suppose anyone would be.
lexapro.Post120.Sentence7	Vivid dreams but not nightmares .
lexapro.Post120.Sentence8	Libido is low but orgasm is possible.
lexapro.Post120.Sentence9	Considering adding Wellbutrin for some energy and to counter slight weight gain.
lexapro.Post120.Sentence10	My mood is definitely lifted although my energy is really low .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence1	Low sex drive and trouble ejaculating .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence2	Increased craving for alcohol .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence3	Overall feelling of " numb brain " as I call it, Trouble concentrating .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence4	Poor short term memory , Low motivation .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence5	I had spent approximately 15-16 years taking Prozac.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence6	I felt like it wasn't working well for me anymore so about 10 years ago, I was switched to Lexapro.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence7	Over the 10 years, it has done a great job at lowering my anxiety and evening me out .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence8	I worried less about things and was able to cope with issues and problems much better, Overall, I felt much better.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence9	But after 10 years of taking it, I feel like my brain has become dull and numb.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence10	It has become difficult to concentrate on anything or to get motivated to do anything.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence11	It has started to affect my job as there are days I just sit and stare at my computer and don't feel like doing anything and just can not think .
lexapro.Post121.Sentence12	I seem to be tired and unmotivated to do anything anymore.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence13	Even things at home that I used to find enjoyable before.
lexapro.Post121.Sentence14	Think maybe it is time for a change in meds.
lexapro.Post122.Sentence1	weight gain , fatigue , unable to orgasm during intercourse, insomnia , lack of sympathy , apathy , losing hair .
lexapro.Post122.Sentence2	Works well for depression and anxiety .
lexapro.Post122.Sentence3	I'm calmer during stressful times.
lexapro.Post122.Sentence4	I cannot orgasm during intercourse and I've tried everything.
lexapro.Post122.Sentence5	If I take the medicine at night I won't go to sleep .
lexapro.Post122.Sentence6	If I take it mid-morning I want to sleep in the afternoon so I take it first thing in morning.
lexapro.Post122.Sentence7	I have been losing hair .
lexapro.Post122.Sentence8	I have gained weight .
lexapro.Post122.Sentence9	I do feel bursts of happiness throughout the day.
lexapro.Post123.Sentence1	not many at all!
lexapro.Post123.Sentence2	possibly a bit of lower back pain .
lexapro.Post123.Sentence3	life saver for " intrusive thoughts " brought on by anxiety
lexapro.Post124.Sentence1	incredible drowsiness .
lexapro.Post124.Sentence2	napping many times a day for extended periods, night sweating .
lexapro.Post124.Sentence3	Lexapro has been great as far as balancing out my mood, and making me feel much less anxious and happy overall, However, the drowsiness is becoming a pretty big problem, especially when I am sleeping an average of 12 hours a day (mostly in 4-5 hour naps).
lexapro.Post124.Sentence4	Night sweating happens about twice a week , and is a pretty small side effect.
lexapro.Post125.Sentence1	low sex drive , weight gain , headache , irritable bowel , fatigue , spaciness .
lexapro.Post125.Sentence2	love my husband but just do not feel like having sex very often , I can go sexless for months !
lexapro.Post125.Sentence3	helps me in my job which is high energy and high stress, headaches can be debilitating and twice I had to be picked up from work because the headaches came on so strong I couldn't drive myself home
lexapro.Post126.Sentence1	Hair loss !, rashes , sexual loss .
lexapro.Post126.Sentence2	I was very suicidal when put on Lexapro and it helped me relax a great deal, I was so much more happy on it but had to stop taking it due to it causing hair loss and it killed my sex drive and feeling.
lexapro.Post126.Sentence3	I did act like a jerk on it as well a few times.
lexapro.Post126.Sentence4	Although if it wasn't for the hair loss and sexual side effects I would of stayed on it.
lexapro.Post126.Sentence5	Hopefully I will have better luck with something else.
lexapro.Post126.Sentence6	A very good drug to try
lexapro.Post128.Sentence1	Nausea on the first day , nightmares , racing heart , unable to have orgasm .
lexapro.Post128.Sentence2	Even with all the side effects I really think Lexapro is the right choice for me.
lexapro.Post128.Sentence3	It has helped me so much and the depression and anxiety are gone.
lexapro.Post129.Sentence1	Severe night sweats .
lexapro.Post129.Sentence2	Helped with depression after postpartum but I am considering trying to stop due to severe night sweats & cost of Lexapro.
lexapro.Post130.Sentence1	Dry mouth , subsidized sex drive , first few weeks experienced tiredness and felt very foggy .
lexapro.Post130.Sentence2	I am 21 years old and this medicine has worked wonders for me.
lexapro.Post130.Sentence3	I started this six months ago amidst a battle with depression , in addition to having bulimia and trichotillomania .
lexapro.Post130.Sentence4	My weight issues have almost COMPLETELY disappeared (within weeks I saw differences) and the urge to pull my hair has dwindled.
lexapro.Post130.Sentence5	I lost my mother three months ago, and I don't know what I would have done if I weren't already on Escitalopram.
lexapro.Post130.Sentence6	No urge to return to my old habits despite my unbelievable stress level .
lexapro.Post130.Sentence7	My benefits definitely outweigh the side effects
lexapro.Post131.Sentence1	Dry mouth the first month and then later bouts of extreme thirst , I think it also gives me headaches and neckaches , but I am not sure because I was diagnosed with migraines previous to this medicine.
lexapro.Post131.Sentence2	The side effects I have experienced when MISSING a dose or more are: jittery-ness, dizziness and vertigo, nausea, swells in mood, overall awful feeling.
lexapro.Post131.Sentence3	Would not recommend quitting cold turkey.
lexapro.Post131.Sentence4	I've tried quite a few antidepressants and this one seems to be the one that handles my depression and I can live with the side effects.
lexapro.Post131.Sentence5	I have been on this in the past and gone off of it several times, but I have come to realize that this particular medicine significantly improves my life quality.
lexapro.Post131.Sentence6	I am trying really hard to stay on it this time.
lexapro.Post131.Sentence7	Some people have mentioned that this medicine doesn't work for mild depression, just major or suicidal depressives, I disagree.
lexapro.Post132.Sentence1	Dizziness , nausea , headache , foggy , loss of appetite , weight loss , increased irritability and anger ,
lexapro.Post133.Sentence1	First two weeks but disappeared shortly afterwards .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence2	increase in anxiety , weird floating feeling , sweaty palms , nausea , heartburn , waking up in middle of night for no reason, sexual performance issues .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence3	Side effects after first four months .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence4	weight gain , yawning fits, daytime sleepiness .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence5	Before taking Lexapro, I was having panic attacks at least twice a week.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence6	I went along hoping against hope that the panic attack I had one day would be the last one.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence7	I would go along a few days without one and then be so disappointed to have another one.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence8	I was having a lot of these while driving and I was beginning to avoid driving to prevent them.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence9	It was getting quite debilitating because my work requires driving to different places at times, Now, for the 10 months I've been taking Lexapro, I've only had three instances where I could feel myself going into a panic attack .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence10	this is a huge decrease.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence11	This Lexapro treatment has at least allowed me to continue driving and going to work, Without it, I would be a mess right now.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence12	Most of the odd side effects went away the first few weeks after I started taking it.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence13	The remaining side effects .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence14	weight gain and sleepiness .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence15	I'm in the process right now of deciding whether or not I want to live with them.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence16	The alternative right now would be having the weekly panic attacks again which I am in no mood to continue.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence17	I also notice not worrying so much anymore about things .
lexapro.Post133.Sentence18	I used to worry about everything, Problems don't seem so overwhelming.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence19	I also have noticed that I don't get so upset and rattled by other people's rudeness or nasty comments anymore.
lexapro.Post133.Sentence20	I'm more likely to just shrug them off and go on my merry way.
lexapro.Post134.Sentence1	The first month is somewhat an experience, with varing degrees of dizziness , nausea , headaches and a feeling of not-being-right .
lexapro.Post134.Sentence2	Once the Med had firmly taken hold of me, my life turned from one full of anxiety , fear and depression , too one of absolute fulfillment and happiness.
lexapro.Post134.Sentence3	Six months on 20mg, decreasing to 10mg for 12 months.
lexapro.Post134.Sentence4	My final 3 months I was on 5mg, before whenning myself off completely.
lexapro.Post134.Sentence5	I experienced minor headaches, dizzienes and nausea for about 3 weeks period after my final 5mg.
lexapro.Post134.Sentence6	Today I am happy, NORMAL and loving life.
lexapro.Post134.Sentence7	Use the drug correctly and it does it's job!
lexapro.Post135.Sentence1	vivid dreams , no sex drive , dry mouth , i get sick when i drink alcohol .
lexapro.Post135.Sentence2	I'm bipolar and was experiencing major depression despite my antibipolar meds (which luckily stopped the manic episodes ).
lexapro.Post135.Sentence3	lexapro has caused NO mania and has really helped the depression -i no longer want to kill myself everyday.
lexapro.Post135.Sentence4	I kind of like having dreams -i never used to have them/remember them.
lexapro.Post136.Sentence1	Teeth Clenching , Insomnia at night and exhaustion durring the day.
lexapro.Post136.Sentence2	Reduced sex drive , 75% less ability to reach orgasm .
lexapro.Post136.Sentence3	I'm taking 10mg at night before I go to bed.
lexapro.Post136.Sentence4	I find that at night I have a harder time falling asleep and then durring the day im exhausted .
lexapro.Post136.Sentence5	I have the opposite of the "weight gain" problems as I seem to be losing weight now.
lexapro.Post136.Sentence6	I do have lethargy .
lexapro.Post136.Sentence7	where as I don't really want to do anything now durring the day.
lexapro.Post136.Sentence8	But overall im more stable.
lexapro.Post136.Sentence9	Much better then Zoloft which made me quite suicidal.
lexapro.Post137.Sentence1	Killed my sex drive .
lexapro.Post137.Sentence2	No libido whatsoever, Emotionless .
lexapro.Post137.Sentence3	It helped my depression tremendously, but sexual side effects are severe in my case.
lexapro.Post138.Sentence1	Nausea , stomach upsets .
lexapro.Post138.Sentence2	I found lexapro was the best antidepressant for me.
lexapro.Post138.Sentence3	Possible side affect was reduced sexual desire , but my doctor said this could be just from the depression and stress itself.
lexapro.Post138.Sentence4	Am returning to lexapro after trying pristiq because of said sexual problems.
lexapro.Post138.Sentence5	Would rather be happy and not having sex than psychotic.
lexapro.Post138.Sentence6	:(
lexapro.Post139.Sentence1	nausea , loss of appetite , trouble sleeping .
lexapro.Post139.Sentence2	I initially took Lexapro at 10mg with my Wellbutrin in order to stop a debilitating depressive episode from progressing.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence3	The side effects got better after 2 months.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence4	Then I got lazy and wasn't consistent about taking it and whenever I tried to take it again I'd deal with horrible nausea , so I weaned off.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence5	After about 4 months of being off, I noticed my irritability and anxiety increasing, so my new doc suggested a measly 2.5 mg dosage.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence6	I'm dealing with mild nausea but feel the calming affects.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence7	I need to hang in there.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence8	BUT I think we all need to remember why we turned to anti-depressants in the first place .
lexapro.Post139.Sentence9	because we were severely depressed or ridden with debilitating anxiety that affected us living a good quality of life.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence10	If life was better off the meds than perhaps you didn't need them as bad as others do.
lexapro.Post139.Sentence11	When my side effects are difficult to deal with, I remember that a debilitating major depressive episode , wanting to curl up and die , is FAR worse and I am thankful that I have options to help me live a normal life.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence1	All these happened the day of my first pill: Light headed , Dizzy , Extreme tiredness , Diarrhea , Jaw muscles tightening & clenching, Stuffy nose , migraine , Foggy , Zoning / trancelike , Apathy , Cold & chills , Trouble focusing eyes , Confusion , Nausea , Jaw clenching , Sweaty palms , Time/ space discontinuity , Cant catch my breath , Tiredness or energetic , Memory loss , Tremors & twitching , Yawning , disorientation , Convulsions , 10mg.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence2	I stopped after the 2nd day, but restarted on day 4 with half a pill (5mg).
lexapro.Post140.Sentence3	Day 6 I went to 10mg.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence4	The side effects were severe, but diminished as time passed, and have become tolerable within 2-3 months.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence5	For me it became a question of balance: Lexapro side effects vs. depression and its side effects.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence6	After 1 1/2 years on Lexapro, I believe that it has a very short shelf life, less than 30 days, and is extremely sensitive to temperature/humidity fluctuations & extremes, Every month, when I'm down to my last 3-8 pills of my supply, I notice that I get depressed often and have sudden mood swings .
lexapro.Post140.Sentence7	This is consistent every month.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence8	When I start a 'new' 30 day batch of pills, I go through minor side effects for a few days.
lexapro.Post140.Sentence9	I'm a stay-at-hme-dad of toddler & infant and am glad that I'm not depressed with anxiety while raising them, That said, I can't wait until I'm ready to stop, WEIGHT GAIN : 6,7%
lexapro.Post141.Sentence1	The first few days felt really great,mood wise.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence2	I had alot of dizziness and it was so bad I felt like passing out every time I yawned (Sounds weird I Know).But that eventually stopped.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence3	It also killed sex drive .
lexapro.Post141.Sentence4	It was distressing at first but within a few weeks my sex drive worked again,but at a much more "normal" rate,which I greatly appreciate, I feel I was to horny before.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence5	I have had some weight gain ,however my weight normally changes based on the time of year.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence6	During the school year I go to college while working at my job (cashiering) so I am always busy.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence7	But during the summer I usually just work and relax.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence8	I also have a horrible mountain dew addiction ,but my weight gain has been small and my clothes still fit so I am not all that upset.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence9	It's a very good drug.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence10	It has calmed my anxiety down alot, before I could hardly bare to be social , social situations just scared me to death.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence11	I would usually leave class early because being around others gave such horrible panic attacks .
lexapro.Post141.Sentence12	Its been that way for as long as I can remember.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence13	I've been trying my best to bury my depression down,things in my past,such as abuse,rings I did not want to deal with.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence14	Depression also runs in my family,my grandmother ,84, Has finally taken anti depressants.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence15	Amd now she's happier than ever.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence16	I hated reaching out for help,but I realized I did not want to live my whole life being as miserable as her,and wait until 84 to get help.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence17	The medication however is only a tool and I have to attend therapy,medication can't fix the abuse I've suffered,or my fear of men ad a resulting factor,that has to be dealt with in other ways and trying to bury it down just ate me up.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence18	I began to cut ,and attempted suicide several times,I've been self harming since I was a kid.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence19	ive been unable to be in health relationships because of my fears ,and would someday like a to jave a decent relationship.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence20	But that part has to come from me.
lexapro.Post141.Sentence21	The lexapro did wonders in helping my moods,so I could get to a place where I could work on my issues.
lexapro.Post142.Sentence1	teeth grinding trouble sleeping .
lexapro.Post142.Sentence2	some days are better then other but for the most part it is working ok but could be better going to see doc in 2 weeks will see about moving up to 20 mg
lexapro.Post143.Sentence1	naseua , lower sex drive , extreme fatigue .
lexapro.Post143.Sentence2	After taking Wellbutrin for 6 months, it started to wear off.
lexapro.Post143.Sentence3	Within a week of taking this, I noticed a huge difference in my mood.
lexapro.Post143.Sentence4	I feel like myself and don't get upset or angry as easily.
lexapro.Post143.Sentence5	I can handle the side effects because I've felt so good over the past month.
lexapro.Post144.Sentence1	lexapro worked well.
lexapro.Post144.Sentence2	felt more motivated Daily.
lexapro.Post144.Sentence3	had Insomnia so i took benadryl.
lexapro.Post144.Sentence4	loss of appetite
lexapro.Post145.Sentence1	grogginess , nausea , dry mouth , frequent urination .
lexapro.Post145.Sentence2	after 18 months, my body is well-adjusted to it and it helps a great deal with regulating my mood.
lexapro.Post145.Sentence3	I take 20 mg at night, and drink lots of water during the day to counteract side-effects.
lexapro.Post145.Sentence4	It increases the effect of alcohol and caffeine so I have to be careful with those.
lexapro.Post145.Sentence5	But overall am happy with it, much better than Zoloft.
lexapro.Post146.Sentence1	Loss of libido , Difficulty reaching orgasm , fatigue I feel tired most of the time, yawning , dry mouth , weight gain .
lexapro.Post146.Sentence2	I started taking 10 mg lexapro after I developed post natal depression .
lexapro.Post146.Sentence3	I have suffered depression anxiety and panic attacks in the past.
lexapro.Post146.Sentence4	I found it very helpful.
lexapro.Post146.Sentence5	It made me feel so much better and completely stopped the anxiety and panic attacks .
lexapro.Post146.Sentence6	The biggest complaint I have is the fatigue and loss of sex drive /orgasm and weight gain .
lexapro.Post146.Sentence7	I am now taking 20mg.
lexapro.Post146.Sentence8	I am now considering talking to my doctor about trying a different med.
lexapro.Post147.Sentence1	Drowsiness , anorgasmia (which may cause me to add or switch to Welbutrin).
lexapro.Post147.Sentence2	Saved my life.
lexapro.Post147.Sentence3	Feel good for the first time in 20 years.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence1	Mild itching and headaches .
lexapro.Post148.Sentence2	I've refused antidepressants throughout my entire 4yr extremely physically and emotionally abusive marriage, but after also losing a pregnancy a few months ago, I needed help.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence3	This medicine has saved my life.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence4	I have finally left my marriage, regained my confidence and will to live.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence5	I see hope for my future, am more social than ever and feel happy for the first time in years.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence6	With a strict exercise regimen, I have also managed to lose weight on my already small frame.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence7	I was always anti drugs.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence8	but hope people will read this and give this med a shot.
lexapro.Post148.Sentence9	It is a godsend for me.
lexapro.Post149.Sentence1	lose bowels , sexual side effects , Very effective, but if you miss a dose for 1-2 days, it can really cause problems (Dizziness, nausea)
lexapro.Post150.Sentence1	Severe insomnia first week , almost constant nausea , migraines , intense panic first couple nights .
lexapro.Post150.Sentence2	all subsided within a week.
lexapro.Post150.Sentence3	Lexapro has helped me immensely.
lexapro.Post150.Sentence4	I'm no longer worrying about the next time I'm going to get depressed or have a panic attack .
lexapro.Post150.Sentence5	I feel like I finally know what it's like to be normal, and I'm so happy.
lexapro.Post150.Sentence6	I really feel like I've taken control of my life again.
lexapro.Post150.Sentence7	I resisted taking this medicine at first, but decided it was for the best when my depression and anxiety started getting in the way of my functioning normally.
lexapro.Post150.Sentence8	I still don't like being on medicine, but I can't deny how much it has helped me.
lexapro.Post151.Sentence1	Decreased sex drive and ejaculation delay .
lexapro.Post151.Sentence2	Aside from that, it's been all good.
lexapro.Post151.Sentence3	Improvement in my morale has been great, I feel like my old self again!
lexapro.Post152.Sentence1	constipation , fatigue , weight gain , blocked tears and sad feelings that still existed inside of me.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence2	I took Lexapro together with Wellbutrin to "correct" concurrent depression and anxiety .
lexapro.Post152.Sentence3	At the time I started the drugs, I was in a major depression .
lexapro.Post152.Sentence4	Wellbutrin helped immediately to let me think entire thoughts again (without interruptions in my thinking because I felt so sad.)
lexapro.Post152.Sentence5	Adding Lexapro improved my mood.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence6	I started at 5 mg and worked slowly up to 20 mg. After 2 years at 20 mg, my thoughts became bitchy and impatient again.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence7	My psych recommended increasing the lexapro dosage to deal with it.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence8	I chose the opposite path: I tapered off both Lexapro and Wellbutrin and am focusing on nutrition and exercise to keep my mood steady and generally positive.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence9	Psychiatrist disagrees with my approach and says Lexapro is a drug for life.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence10	I am sleeping more deeply now, without the intense anxious dreams that I had on the drugs.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence11	I will go back on them if I have to, as they did keep my super sad thoughts at bay.
lexapro.Post152.Sentence12	Personally I think these drugs were a life saver to get me through
lexapro.Post153.Sentence1	Nausea (severe at times) , occasional tremors , delayed orgasm , hot flashes .
lexapro.Post153.Sentence2	The first time I took Lexy (10 mg) was terrifying.
lexapro.Post153.Sentence3	I went to sleep, then woke up a couple hours later feeling extremely nauseous .
lexapro.Post153.Sentence4	All of the sudden a hot flash shot throughout my body, my heart skipped several beats , and I felt like I was going to die for a minute.
lexapro.Post153.Sentence5	I gradually calmed down and sweated profusely , That said, Lexy ain't all bad.
lexapro.Post153.Sentence6	I've been more socially confident, been told for the first time that I'm outgoing, and haven't had as much anxiety .
lexapro.Post153.Sentence7	My emotional range might be a little muted (I don't cry nearly as much), but I still feel like myself.
lexapro.Post153.Sentence8	Increased dosage to 15 mg a month ago.
lexapro.Post153.Sentence9	I missed a dose yesterday, and now I'm nauseous, my abdomen is queasy, and I get occasional, incredibly uncomfortable waves of heat that shoot up from my stomach to my sternum.
lexapro.Post153.Sentence10	Although I took my missed dose this afternoon, the symptoms are lingering, Rather disturbing, and I wonder how the hell I'm going to get off this stuff, But Lexy's different for everyone, and it certainly has helped out with my anxiety .
lexapro.Post153.Sentence11	Keep an open mind.
lexapro.Post154.Sentence1	Initial-brain zaps, headache, fatigue: all went away after 2 weeks Later-Weight gain.
lexapro.Post154.Sentence2	This drug worked very well for anxiety and mild depression .
lexapro.Post154.Sentence3	If you can tough it out for the first couple of weeks with the side effects.
lexapro.Post154.Sentence4	it is worth it.
lexapro.Post154.Sentence5	Really quite amazing.
lexapro.Post154.Sentence6	I was actually able to overcome a long-standing fear of flying .
lexapro.Post154.Sentence7	I have gained weight that I have been unable to lose with diet/exercise .
lexapro.Post154.Sentence8	I have discontinued my daily 10 mg dose to see if I can lose the weight.
lexapro.Post154.Sentence9	I did not have any withdrawal side effects.
lexapro.Post155.Sentence1	I had hand shakes , warmness in my body , very energized ,mood was alot better, sweating , pretty bad insomnia which i did not like.
lexapro.Post155.Sentence2	Loss in appetite but i think it is going to work hopefully.
lexapro.Post155.Sentence3	I just dont want to feel like I did before ever again!
lexapro.Post155.Sentence4	I just hope these side effects subside after taking it for awhile.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence1	None that were enough to notice until recently.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence2	I went off for a few days and noticed that I was able to have an orgasm again.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence3	Before I went on it I was always able to, but I never put two and two together to realize that the medicine was the reason I couldn't anymore.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence4	It has really helped with my depression and my ability to handle things.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence5	My anxiety is much calmer, although still present.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence6	I haven't had any episodes or panic attacks since I started it, except for a three day period when I couldn't get my prescription refilled, so went without.
lexapro.Post156.Sentence7	When all is said and done, and after taking so many other AD's that have really messed me up, this is by far the best, with the least amount of side effects.
lexapro.Post157.Sentence1	VIVID DREAMS !
lexapro.Post157.Sentence2	Woah what is going on here?
lexapro.Post157.Sentence3	For a while before I started taking lexapro, I couldnt remember my dreams at all.
lexapro.Post157.Sentence4	I was beginning to think I'd stopped dreaming!
lexapro.Post157.Sentence5	Within a few days of starting lexapro oh my god the dreams are vivid, intense, long, and complex !
lexapro.Post157.Sentence6	And I can remember every detail of them when i wake up in the morning.
lexapro.Post157.Sentence7	It Feels like im living in 2 different worlds, my daytime world and dream world .
lexapro.Post157.Sentence8	Each seems as real as the other, So bizarre!
lexapro.Post157.Sentence9	I must say I absolutly love this side effect, I cant believe its been so marked though I didnt expect it at all!
lexapro.Post157.Sentence10	Makes going to bed a lot more exciting.
lexapro.Post157.Sentence11	Also feel very happy, confident and a general sense of wellbeing.
lexapro.Post157.Sentence12	Have had no negative side effects, glad I tried it.
lexapro.Post158.Sentence1	Jaw clenching ; difficulty achieving orgasm ; fatigue .
lexapro.Post158.Sentence2	Very pleased with Lexapro.
lexapro.Post158.Sentence3	Most of the fatigue passed after a week or so.
lexapro.Post158.Sentence4	I've found that the side effects are tolerable in exchange for the remarkably stable feeling I have and the absence of any depression or suicidal thoughts .
lexapro.Post159.Sentence1	Shakes , sweating , difficulty sleeping , diarrhea , high blood pressure , Increased orgasms .
lexapro.Post159.Sentence2	This helped me distract my thoughts and focus them on something more logical, like my work.
lexapro.Post159.Sentence3	Still have some depression symptoms ( crying , etc), but it takes the edge away for the most part.
lexapro.Post159.Sentence4	The diarrhea and sweating really bugged me , though, Surprisingly, this strengthened my libido and orgasms.
lexapro.Post160.Sentence1	dry mouth , slight rash , headaches early on , slight fatigue , delayed ejaculation .
lexapro.Post160.Sentence2	lexapro is a great drug.
lexapro.Post160.Sentence3	started out at 10mg a day and feel great.
lexapro.Post160.Sentence4	Social anxiety is gone and im feeling good helped me with withdrawal symptoms from alcohol and marijuana use.
lexapro.Post160.Sentence5	Used to have severe depression now i dont.
lexapro.Post160.Sentence6	Suggest use for anyone who has anxiety in social environments .
lexapro.Post161.Sentence1	Nausea & yawning for 1st month .
lexapro.Post161.Sentence2	Over last 6 months: difficulty reaching orgasm (F), loss of impulse control resulting in financial debt, increase in risky behavior , mania , lack of empathy , lack of emotional reactivity (haven't shed a single tear in over 6 months).
lexapro.Post161.Sentence3	Despite some of the side effects I like the increased energy and increase in social confidence.
lexapro.Post161.Sentence4	I've lost weight, increased activity, done better at work and get out and do things.
lexapro.Post161.Sentence5	I feel much more alive.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence1	Stomach discomfort , initially some night sweats , jaw clenching .
lexapro.Post162.Sentence2	I started taking this medication when Prozac, which I'd been on for 13 years, no longer seemed to work.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence3	The most immediate side-effect noticed was extreme stomach discomfort .
lexapro.Post162.Sentence4	It's not like a sore stomach, but it feels like your abdomen is tensed up , which I initially mistook for a sign of additional anxiety, However, according to my doctor this tension in the stomach area is purely a chemical reaction to the medicine and not connected with an emotional state.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence5	His notion is validated by my increased ability to sleep , which is never possible if I'm anxious .
lexapro.Post162.Sentence6	This stomach discomfort has faded about 75% , as my body acclimates to the drug.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence7	I initially also experienced extreme night sweats and some jaw clencing at night, but these passed within a week.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence8	I sleep better, but not perfectly.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence9	I still wake up a lot and am lucky to get 4-5 hours.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence10	I'm also on a relatively low dose with an average of 7,5MG/day.
lexapro.Post162.Sentence11	My sex drive seems a little low , but it has not been that active for a couple ye
lexapro.Post163.Sentence1	Uneven temperment, lack of patience if I skip several doses.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence2	Went through a phase in life where I lost my job and was under-employed for a couple of years.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence3	Had descended to an all time low in self-loathing .
lexapro.Post163.Sentence4	Doc intially placed me on Welbutrine, which made me un-motived and essentially a disinterested by-stander in the story that is my life.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence5	Switched me over to 10mg dose of Lexapro, which has never increased.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence6	I now have a job I love (OK, like) and do not worry about the future.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence7	I continue to take Lexapro, as I said I am not as easy going if I miss several doses.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence8	My wife can tell when I am off of it, as little things will drive me nuts: barking dogs, annoying habits of others, other drivers, belligerent children.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence9	the usual list of suspects, My mother's side of the family is full of passionate, emotional rage machines, so it is a genetic thing or I am a product of the environment in which I spent my formative years.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence10	When I am on it I am calm cool and in control.
lexapro.Post163.Sentence11	Have notfound it to be physically addictive nor experienced any side effects.
lexapro.Post164.Sentence1	Dilated pupils , sleepiness , dizziness first few days , inability to cry , anxiety .
lexapro.Post164.Sentence2	Overall lexapro worked really well for me.
lexapro.Post164.Sentence3	I started on the 10mg and upped that after two months of little change to the 20mg.
lexapro.Post164.Sentence4	Within two weeks i felt much better.
lexapro.Post164.Sentence5	As far as mood goes, i didnt feel any real highs or lows, more of a constant comfortable feeling.
lexapro.Post164.Sentence6	At times I felt very anxious for no reason and at different times in the day but these negative side effects paled next to the depression i was stuck in before lexapro.
lexapro.Post165.Sentence1	none.
lexapro.Post165.Sentence2	Lexapro works for me.
lexapro.Post165.Sentence3	I feel more energetic and my anxiety is now manageable.
lexapro.Post166.Sentence1	All side effects went away within 3 weeks.
lexapro.Post166.Sentence2	I started seroquel abilify and xanax at the same time so I'm not sure what side effects were just from the lexapro.
lexapro.Post166.Sentence3	It really helped my OCD .
lexapro.Post166.Sentence4	Without it I would still be counting every single footstep and rechecking EVERYTHING in my apartment .
lexapro.Post166.Sentence5	Really I only wash my hands like 100x a day now.
lexapro.Post166.Sentence6	It's great!
lexapro.Post167.Sentence1	Dry mouth , weight gain , slightly moody , irritable .
lexapro.Post167.Sentence2	I began taking Lexapro after giving birth to a premature baby.
lexapro.Post167.Sentence3	I was in therapy as well, but the post partum floored me!
lexapro.Post167.Sentence4	I began taking 10mg and then gradually brought it up to 20 mg last year.
lexapro.Post167.Sentence5	What a difference!
lexapro.Post167.Sentence6	I recommend Lexapro very highly.
lexapro.Post167.Sentence7	I've taken Prozac in the past, but the side effects were too much to handle.
lexapro.Post167.Sentence8	My mind is now clear, my thoughts are in check, and I no longer have post partum.
lexapro.Post167.Sentence9	I continue to take it because I was diagnosed with clinical depression 9 years ago and I don't plan on stopping.
lexapro.Post167.Sentence10	If I have to take it for the rest of my life, then I will.
lexapro.Post168.Sentence1	I have found myself waking up every 2-3 hours and general fatigue during the day .
lexapro.Post168.Sentence2	Loss of appetite .
lexapro.Post168.Sentence3	Since starting Lexapro about a month ago, have found myself extremely constipated , which I am assuming is a side effect.
lexapro.Post168.Sentence4	Also lack of sex drive .
lexapro.Post168.Sentence5	After listing all of the side effects, it may sound funny to say this, but I have loved Lexapro.
lexapro.Post168.Sentence6	I have been on Effexor and Wellbutrin XL as well as multiple anti-anxiety and anti-seizure drugs over the past year and a half.
lexapro.Post168.Sentence7	My mental health has been awesome.
lexapro.Post168.Sentence8	barely any anxiety or major depression symptoms which has made it easier to deal with the physical side effects.
lexapro.Post168.Sentence9	I would highly reccomend this drug.
lexapro.Post169.Sentence1	upset stomach , head was foggy but went away after few weeks , nights sweats , loss of memory seems to be ongoing (short term memory).
lexapro.Post169.Sentence2	all the articles i have read in here are mostly based on short term results.
lexapro.Post169.Sentence3	i dont think most people have taken it long enough to form objective opinion about it .
lexapro.Post169.Sentence4	i have taken it for 2 years and feel great, very little to no anxiety at all, some weight gain .
lexapro.Post169.Sentence5	i not fixated on stupid things that dont really matter,just got over battle with kidney cancer, ok now and loving life, people , dont sweat the little things in life that we dont have any control over, your just waisting brain cells.
lexapro.Post169.Sentence6	stop and smell the roses with a loved one.
lexapro.Post169.Sentence7	i also dident read anything in here about therapy while on anti-depressive meds.
lexapro.Post169.Sentence8	their designed to be taken ( WHILE YOU ARE IN THERAPY) not just for casual everday drugs .
lexapro.Post169.Sentence9	Lexapro has helped me in my relationship with my wife of 25 years and 2 beautiful children (who by the way have inherited my anxiety, they are both on low doses of lexapro and doing great.
lexapro.Post169.Sentence10	one more thing that really gets my attention in reading these articles , everyone keeps
lexapro.Post170.Sentence1	No bad side effects.
lexapro.Post170.Sentence2	Just feeling good.
lexapro.Post170.Sentence3	Greatest stuff ever.
lexapro.Post170.Sentence4	I feel like the weight of the World has been lifted off my shoulders.
lexapro.Post171.Sentence1	No bad side effects.
lexapro.Post171.Sentence2	I felt like a functioning human being for the first time in years.
lexapro.Post171.Sentence3	I know a lot of people whose lives have been changed by Lexapro.
lexapro.Post171.Sentence4	It's too bad a lot of insurance companies won't pay for it.
lexapro.Post172.Sentence1	After taking this medication 2.5mg for 2 days my feelings of shock and depression are subsiding and I am feeling better.
lexapro.Post172.Sentence2	My fiance of 5 years dumped me with no warning and went back to his x-wife.
lexapro.Post172.Sentence3	We were supposed to get married next month.
lexapro.Post172.Sentence4	I was given this medication in combination with Zyprexa but didn't care for that drug at all.
lexapro.Post172.Sentence5	Zyprexa made me have memory lapses and made me feel like I was high walking around smiling all day,totally fake, Anyway.
lexapro.Post172.Sentence6	I would recommend Lexapro, o
lexapro.Post173.Sentence1	No side effects, possible weight gain, but am unsure if this medication is causing it.
lexapro.Post173.Sentence2	GAD is generalized anxiety disorder and depression , is well, depression .
lexapro.Post173.Sentence3	I am sleeping better than ever before, no pounding heart .
lexapro.Post173.Sentence4	My follow through is great, where as I used to be flaky and couldn't be counted on , Lexapro has changed all that - now I'm dependable
lexapro.Post174.Sentence1	Mild sleeplessness , unsatisfying yawns that went away after a month or so.
lexapro.Post174.Sentence2	What I hate most though is the clenching of the jaw, That hasn't gone away , Overall, I'm happy with Lexapro.
lexapro.Post174.Sentence3	I'm relieved to see that a lot of you are reporting clenching of the jaw .
lexapro.Post174.Sentence4	I thought there was something seriously wrong with mine, so I'm glad to know it is a side effect and not something else.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence1	increased anxiety , sleeplessness, increased appetite, increased sensitivity , BUT only for first few weeks of upping dosage.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence2	I have been on all kinds of medications for 10+ years.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence3	I am also VERY sensitive to drugs and any side effects.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence4	I always have to start off on very low dosages.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence5	I had a very bad experience with Celexa so my Dr suggested Lexapro as it's better tolerated.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence6	I started off with 10mg which was ok but now that I'm on 20 I feel SO much BETTER, Yes, the first few weeks weren't easy, Honestly, reading any negative reviews on a medication won't help you either,been there, done that and it only makes you more aware of any bad reactions.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence7	I have to say so far, so good, well GREAT.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence8	It's 3 weeks going on 4 of the 20mg dosage and I actually feel "semi-normal" if that makes any sense.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence9	I feel hopeful and positive on a more daily basis.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence10	My depression is at an all-time low and my anxiety getting better.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence11	I have relied on Xanax to calm my panic attacks and now slowly weaning off of it due to the Lexapro!
lexapro.Post175.Sentence12	I sure hope this lasts.
lexapro.Post175.Sentence13	it's feels so good to finally feel like life is worth living!
zoloft.Post1.Sentence1	trying to come of has gotta be worse than herion, Uncontrollable rage, no sex drive, and loss of emotional attachment with partner.
zoloft.Post1.Sentence2	This drug has ruined mine and my partners life, as soon as she got past the withdrawal symtoms
zoloft.Post2.Sentence1	This medication caused me, like so many other people with bipolar disorder , to freak out .
zoloft.Post2.Sentence2	I cut off all my hair and took the remaining 40 pills after taking about 10 pills as prescribed so it did not take long for me to get into this semi-suicidal state.
zoloft.Post2.Sentence3	Be careful of taking this if you have bipolar disorder !
zoloft.Post3.Sentence1	Never experienced a panic attack until AFTER taking only 4 doses (25 mg.) of this medication.
zoloft.Post3.Sentence2	Had 2 panick attacks while on Zoloft, quit taking the drug and have not had any more attacks, but now I am dealing with the fear of when/where the next one will take place.
zoloft.Post3.Sentence3	I know a lot of people have had success with Zoloft, but it is not the right one for me.
zoloft.Post3.Sentence4	Be careful of the side effects that your doctor may not tell you about .
zoloft.Post3.Sentence5	that is increased anxiety .
zoloft.Post4.Sentence1	oh gawd.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence2	I was on Paxil for 12 years, but THOUGHT it was wearing off.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence3	Think menopause is a huge factor in this.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence4	i have only been on generic zoloft for about a week and a half.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence5	our doggie is very sick, and i was up with her all night last nite, didn't sleep .
zoloft.Post4.Sentence6	My stomach is a wreck .
zoloft.Post4.Sentence7	burning and diarrhea all nite.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence8	had to pee every five minutes all night .
zoloft.Post4.Sentence9	I feel very speedy and my heart is racing .
zoloft.Post4.Sentence10	My stomach is on fire , and feels like i drank draino .
zoloft.Post4.Sentence11	I hate this so much sometimes i don't know how long i can go on.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence12	Just dont know yet.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence13	Paxil seemed to calm me down so much.
zoloft.Post4.Sentence14	Yes i gained a ton of weight on it, but i haven't on the zoloft so far.
zoloft.Post5.Sentence1	Took the pill for depression for a year and a half, extreme weight gain , no sex drive , even more depressed
zoloft.Post6.Sentence1	Made me really forgettful , weakness so bad it was a struggle just to comb my hair .
zoloft.Post6.Sentence2	My useless former doctor just dismissed my concerns.
zoloft.Post6.Sentence3	Also made me extremely angry .
zoloft.Post6.Sentence4	It takes months to get off this poison (which is another thing the useless doctor conveniently didn't tell me).
zoloft.Post6.Sentence5	Should be pulled from the market.
zoloft.Post7.Sentence1	suicidal thoughts , no sexual satisfaction , horrible drug.
zoloft.Post7.Sentence2	this drug sucks.
zoloft.Post7.Sentence3	might work for some peeps but didn't work for me.
zoloft.Post7.Sentence4	I got so depressed on it that I swollowed the whole bottle hoping to end my life , but luckilly Iam still here
zoloft.Post8.Sentence1	Increase in panic attacks / anxiety , weight gain (10lbs), headaches and vivid dreams .
zoloft.Post8.Sentence2	The side effects from this drug were from day one but I was told by my doctor to give it a chance.
zoloft.Post8.Sentence3	Six months later and I don't feel any better.
zoloft.Post8.Sentence4	I have decided to wean myself off.
zoloft.Post8.Sentence5	Yesterday I started taking 25mg and I feel horrible.
zoloft.Post8.Sentence6	I hope others have better results from this medication but I would recommend trying something different.
zoloft.Post9.Sentence1	Made me have tremors , also made me feel like I wanted to crawl out of my skin .
zoloft.Post9.Sentence2	I have been off this drug for almost 3 years and I still feel like this!
zoloft.Post9.Sentence3	This is the worst drug on the market!
zoloft.Post10.Sentence1	Severe chest pain , huge weight gain , onset of fibromyalgia and horrible arthritis pain .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence2	Drs thought I had Lupus.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence3	Have been off work for 8 months due to the effects of Zoloft.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence4	Within 45 days of starting Zoloft I gained 50+ lbs I started having sever chest pains .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence5	I had to have a heart cath, echo, stress echo and several other heart test .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence6	Was in ER 4 times and Was in CCU 2 times.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence7	Finally the third Cardiologist said it was the Zoloft and took me off.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence8	I was so sick I thought I would die .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence9	Stayed away from my grandkids cuz I didn't want them to find me dead .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence10	Lost all of my energy .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence11	developed Shortness of breath , fibromyalgia type pain , arthritis pain .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence12	Could barely walk .
zoloft.Post10.Sentence13	Broke my leg (had to have surgury) trying to walk up my porch steps.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence14	I have been off work for 8 months.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence15	I have suffered many side effects from the prednisone used to treat the symptoms.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence16	I am just now starting to feel better.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence17	Maybe I can return to work when I get the cast off of my leg.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence18	I lost my job and will have to find another one.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence19	This stuff is very scary.
zoloft.Post10.Sentence20	My sister went on it and started having chest pain and I told her to STOP immediatly.
zoloft.Post11.Sentence1	Not sleeping for over 48 hours , heart palpitations , ending up in hospital in a manic state.
zoloft.Post11.Sentence2	Total sexual dysfunction which has continued for six months with no improvement after stopping the medication.
zoloft.Post11.Sentence3	Taking this drug was the worst decision I've ever made.
zoloft.Post11.Sentence4	Quite simply this medication has destroyed my life.
zoloft.Post11.Sentence5	Facing the possibility of a lifetime with no sexual enjoyment (and the impaired relationships this implies) has been devastating.
zoloft.Post11.Sentence6	Ironically I am much more anxious and depressed than before I took this drug.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence1	Suicidal ideation , weight gain , suicidal tendencies , tingling fingers , dizzy , tremor , insomnia .
zoloft.Post12.Sentence2	I was given zoloft from my pyschiatrist and started at 50mg per day and was steadily increased to 100mg.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence3	After taking this for three weeks I began to not process thoughts well and found it difficult to concentrate and function well.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence4	I felt very shakey in my hands especially in the afternoons making tying a bow or a knot very difficult .
zoloft.Post12.Sentence5	I found work hard to focus on and suffered some memory difficulties .
zoloft.Post12.Sentence6	I was carrying out 'risky' behaviours and after 4 weeks of taking it I ended up in the emergency department of the hospital twice in 4 days for over-dosing .
zoloft.Post12.Sentence7	This medication has not been at all pleasant and when put in hospital the doctors increased my dose to 150mg and this was terrible.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence8	I am now on my first complete day with taking no zoloft after slowing decreasing the dose and the withdrawal isn't pleasant but survivable so far, Headache, slight confusion, temperature and feeling very tired are some of the withdrawal symptoms I have so far felt but they are better than what zoloft was doing for me.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence9	Zoloft was prescribed to me to help with depression and if I knew that there were reported cases that this anti-depressant could increase the risk of suicide I NEVER would have agreed to take the medication.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence10	I have learnt that it is very important that you should ask your doctor questions when they prescribe you a medication and that it is essential to research the side effects.
zoloft.Post12.Sentence11	I had never previously carried out any risky suicidal behaviours until after taking zoloft for 3 weeks.
zoloft.Post13.Sentence1	Long-term use of SSRIs (not just this one) caused Serotonin Syndrome, which included incontinence .
zoloft.Post13.Sentence2	Stopped once I went off them, restarted when I restarted them, so it was definitely them causing it.
zoloft.Post13.Sentence3	I'm fine now that I'm off them, but these drugs shouldn't be on the market in my opinion.
zoloft.Post13.Sentence4	Avoid if possible, or only take for a very short time if you do take them.
zoloft.Post14.Sentence1	Weight gain (20lbs), no sexual feelings at all , inability to reach orgasm , terrible night sweats , tremor in hands , headaches , feeling of foggyness , and fatigue , At first, I din't realize all of these side effects were related to Zoloft.
zoloft.Post14.Sentence2	I am planning to switch back to Wellbutrin SR as soon as I can get to my doctor.
zoloft.Post14.Sentence3	I see Zoloft works for some people, it's scary to think how different we all react to this widely prescribed drug!
zoloft.Post15.Sentence1	didn't notice much difference until 75 mg- where i completely freaked out .
zoloft.Post15.Sentence2	i thought about suicide and was VERY scared to continue any other sort of SSRI.
zoloft.Post15.Sentence3	-later they found out i was bipolar so this could be the reason for the adverse reactions.
zoloft.Post15.Sentence4	this drug works well for my dad with unipolar major depression .
zoloft.Post15.Sentence5	-it didn't work for me, but i am bipolar .
zoloft.Post15.Sentence6	can be dangerous to those who are manic depressive .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence1	severe agitation , really lightheadnessed , suicidal thoughts .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence2	depression got a lot worse after just being on it for just 3 days .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence3	being sick all the time .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence4	feeling really weird on it sevre visual disturbances and extreme weakness .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence5	i hate it .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence6	if ur considering taking this drug , just don't .
zoloft.Post16.Sentence7	it will make you alot worse than before .
zoloft.Post17.Sentence1	HORRID.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence2	Within a few days of taking it, horrible anxiety .
zoloft.Post17.Sentence3	I would look in the mirror and think "what is wrong with me!"
zoloft.Post17.Sentence4	I slept a lot , had no appetite whatsoever, lost weight , felt like I was not myself at all.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence5	I practically had a nervous breakdown on it.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence6	Yawning A LOT .
zoloft.Post17.Sentence7	I just felt so weird all the time , I HAD to come off it.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence8	It's been the worst anti depressant I ever took.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence9	(This was 10 years ago) and I have much better anti depressants since then.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence10	I was initially scared of ANY anti depressant after my experience with the Z.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence11	But about a year later I tried others and could tolerate them much better (Such as Lexapro and Prozac.).
zoloft.Post17.Sentence12	I had a very bad reaction to this, though it does appear to help some, Don't be afraid to tell your doctor what it is doing to you and don't just go along with their "the side effects will go away."
zoloft.Post17.Sentence13	Not every med is for everyone.
zoloft.Post17.Sentence14	Tell them how you are feeling.
zoloft.Post18.Sentence1	Weight gain (20lbs), no sexual feelings at all, inability to reach orgasm , terrible night sweats , tremor in hands , headaches , feeling of, At first, I din't realize all of these side effects were related to Zoloft.
zoloft.Post18.Sentence2	I am planning to switch back to Wellbutrin SR as soon as I can get to my doctor.
zoloft.Post18.Sentence3	I see Zoloft works for some people, it's scary to think how different we all react to this widely prescribed drug!
zoloft.Post19.Sentence1	distrust of all include myself , insomnia , dizziness , lose weigh t, anxiety , panic attack , swoon .
zoloft.Post19.Sentence2	IT MADE EVERYTHING WORSE.
zoloft.Post20.Sentence1	Six hours after my first small (25mg) dose I had diarrhea .
zoloft.Post20.Sentence2	Then I was okay for a few days.
zoloft.Post20.Sentence3	On day 3 I tried to exercise and began sweating profusely after about 10 minutes.
zoloft.Post20.Sentence4	I awoke on day 4 with nausea and listlessness .
zoloft.Post20.Sentence5	I tried to go to work but could not .
zoloft.Post20.Sentence6	I laid on my sofa for hours, sometimes awake, sometimes asleep, feeling nauseated and listless.
zoloft.Post20.Sentence7	I was not about to take pill #5.
zoloft.Post20.Sentence8	My doctor told me it was an easily tolerated medication, Well, not for me, o
zoloft.Post21.Sentence1	after taking just 2nd low dose sent my anxiety through the roof racing thoughts , didnt sleep on it plus a volcano of negative emotions racing inside me .
zoloft.Post21.Sentence2	ended up physch primary care with it.
zoloft.Post21.Sentence3	also been on nearly every AD going none did this to me,been put on seroquel.
zoloft.Post21.Sentence4	horrible for me
zoloft.Post22.Sentence1	Night terrors , Vivid dreams , Nightmares .
zoloft.Post22.Sentence2	auditory hallucinations everyday !
zoloft.Post22.Sentence3	never take this drug!
zoloft.Post23.Sentence1	Severe teeth clenching / TMJ which caused excruciating headaches .
zoloft.Post23.Sentence2	clenching came on right after taking the dose and would gradually wear off .
zoloft.Post23.Sentence3	took me three days to figure out the connection, during which I was laying in a darkened room with a migraine .
zoloft.Post23.Sentence4	Do NOT take this drug if you have a history of migraines or TMJ .
zoloft.Post23.Sentence5	this was the worst three days of my life till I figured out the connection from Googleing it .
zoloft.Post23.Sentence6	the manufacturer doesn't say anything about this but there are thousands of hits on the topic.
zoloft.Post24.Sentence1	Excessive sweating , nervousness , sick stomach , zombie-like feeling , tiredness , etc.
zoloft.Post24.Sentence2	I would not recommend this drug to anyone, it is not worth the hell you go through, due to the side effects.
zoloft.Post24.Sentence3	I had to stop taking it.
zoloft.Post25.Sentence1	extreme nervousness , uncontrollable urge for innappropriate laughter , emotional numbness , profuse sweating , the list goes on and on.
zoloft.Post25.Sentence2	Extremely unpleasant withdrawal, So addictive, electric 'shocks' to the brain when trying to quit.
zoloft.Post25.Sentence3	Am now on my fifth and final attempt to quit.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence1	NONE, This anti-depressant did absolutely nothing for me.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence2	I mean, literally, nothing.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence3	No side effects, no results.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence4	I was severly depressed and breast-feeding my son so this was the only option I had at the time (it is considered safe for nursing babies).
zoloft.Post26.Sentence5	I struggled with the decision to take it because I was so worried that it may harm him because it does pass into breast milk in tiny amounts.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence6	Then I condidered not breastfeeding and taking an antidepressant.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence7	After much thought, I decided that the benefits of nursing outweighed the negligable risks of the meds, And, to not treat the depression would have been plain stupid.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence8	I was VERY depressed, Also, I was working full-time and pumping milk at work so that he could be exclusively fed breast milk for 4 months, Well, I may as well have not taken anything as it did not help at all.
zoloft.Post26.Sentence9	Now I take Cymbalta and that helps a lot more (I am no longer nursing, my son is 16 months).
zoloft.Post26.Sentence10	It's just weird how certain meds work for some people and not others.
zoloft.Post27.Sentence1	Total loss of libido , horrific nightmares , insomnia , weight fluctuations , irritability / angry all the time .
zoloft.Post27.Sentence2	I was on Zoloft for about 4 months, and after the first 2 weeks I had absolutely no sex drive .
zoloft.Post27.Sentence3	After the first 3 weeks, the nightmares began, and became increasingly gorey and horrific, to the point I would become paranoid.
zoloft.Post27.Sentence4	I began sleeping in odd patterns , for only a few hours at a time.
zoloft.Post27.Sentence5	My weight would increase, then decrease, then increase again .
zoloft.Post27.Sentence6	When I went off of it, it was because I had become so angry and irritable I couldn't be around anyone because I would become violent at nothing .
zoloft.Post28.Sentence1	soon after take it, knocked out feeling , extreme yawning , foggy brain , and absolutely no sleep at 3 consecutive nights even with sleep aid!
zoloft.Post28.Sentence2	Took doctors to figure out to give me Trazodone to sleep.
zoloft.Post28.Sentence3	NEVER ever try this, go and get Prozac!
zoloft.Post28.Sentence4	I had it for 1.5 years with no side effect at all.
zoloft.Post29.Sentence1	didnt feel like myself , irritability .
zoloft.Post29.Sentence2	loss of feelings .
zoloft.Post29.Sentence3	I don't recommend it.
zoloft.Post29.Sentence4	Unless you want to be a walking zombie
zoloft.Post30.Sentence1	nausea , gases , diarrhea , eructation, o
zoloft.Post31.Sentence1	Gained weight , moodswings , wasn't able to sleep at all .
zoloft.Post31.Sentence2	Had to take Zopiclone to get any more sleep than one or two hours of shallow sleep but the combination of the two gave me hallucinations.
zoloft.Post31.Sentence3	I had to quit taking them because of all the side effects that just wouldn't pass.
zoloft.Post32.Sentence1	Sexual dysfunction , no orgasm , very low libido , persistent brain fog .
zoloft.Post32.Sentence2	I went to doctor for my acid reflux and as it turned out he prescribed this poison to me without even telling me what this shit is and what does it do to my body.
zoloft.Post32.Sentence3	i have stopped taking sertraline for 4 days now and the side effects haven't worn off yet.
zoloft.Post33.Sentence1	Tinnitus, zaps, vertigo, weight gain, sleeplessness, horrible withdrawal even with tapering off.
zoloft.Post33.Sentence2	I wish I had never taken it.
zoloft.Post34.Sentence1	caused muscle tension - especially painful jaw clenching - took myself off.
zoloft.Post35.Sentence1	At first it was great.
zoloft.Post35.Sentence2	I had some minor gastrointestinal issues .
zoloft.Post35.Sentence3	But lately I have feel like it is not working any longer.
zoloft.Post35.Sentence4	I am tired , have headaches , and don't really want to take it anymore.
zoloft.Post35.Sentence5	I worry about the side effects.
zoloft.Post35.Sentence6	I am concerned about side effects that I will have when I stop taking it.
zoloft.Post35.Sentence7	I know I have to consult my physician.
zoloft.Post36.Sentence1	Insomnia no appetite anger mania crying spells anxiety .
zoloft.Post36.Sentence2	finding it really hard to cope on this, have to take something to make me sleep , force myself to eat .
zoloft.Post36.Sentence3	I havent been on this long was taking 100mg but cut it in half.
zoloft.Post36.Sentence4	Please anyone does this go if so when, can you ever sleep, feel so low have to take dizapan to sleep and thats not good long tern please email me thanku
zoloft.Post37.Sentence1	have never cut myself before I started taking Zoloft.
zoloft.Post37.Sentence2	A week after the commencement of my treatment I took a razor blade and cut my wrists .
zoloft.Post37.Sentence3	This medication has made me more suicidal than I used to be.
zoloft.Post37.Sentence4	It was the time of my exams at university, and unfortunately I was unable to think and concentrate on anything and therefore failed.
zoloft.Post38.Sentence1	Horrible isomnia , felt like I was in a fog .
zoloft.Post38.Sentence2	Absolutely no libido or orgasms.
zoloft.Post38.Sentence3	Asked my doctor for a different drug after 30 days of taking Zoloft.
zoloft.Post38.Sentence4	It did give me a sense of well-being
zoloft.Post39.Sentence1	worked like a low dose of extacy for about 1 mo, then became complacent.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence2	No feelings at all , happy sad, nothing.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence3	then went suicidal .
zoloft.Post39.Sentence4	I stoped cold turkey after taking 150 ml 5 days later ended up in the ER for a suicide attempt, next day, paramedics at my house for talking suicidal thoughts, 7th day tried again spent 2 1/2 weeks in phych word.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence5	I couldn't even remember acting this way.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence6	I'm now back on it and "stable" , but planning to wean slowly very slowly off it, take coution when weaning, start only as a last resault IMO, herbals, exersize and therapy, spiritual or other wise, anything but a drug as ADDICTIVE gravely so as this type, Yea, don't talk to me about so called addictive medicationsie opiates or benzos.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence7	I never tried to kill myself coming off those.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence8	and never went insain either.
zoloft.Post39.Sentence9	feel free to contact me I'm a research junky when it comes to meds!
zoloft.Post39.Sentence10	I've got more to talk about!
zoloft.Post40.Sentence1	GI Distress , Headaches at base of skull , Lethargy , Blurred Vision , Sleep Disturbances ( nightmares ), anxiety .
zoloft.Post40.Sentence2	I would NEVER take this medication again.
zoloft.Post40.Sentence3	Zoloft withdrawal was one of the worst experiences that I ever had in my life!
zoloft.Post41.Sentence1	increased anxiety , nausea , loss of appetite and weight, heartburn , diarrhea , eye twitching , jaw clenching , insomnia , have to take xanax in order to take Zoloft.
zoloft.Post41.Sentence2	I have only been on this for five days, after coming off of Prozac.
zoloft.Post41.Sentence3	I'm not sure that I'm going to like this med.
zoloft.Post41.Sentence4	Will report if it gets any better.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence1	Weight gain , tiredness , completely killed sex drive .
zoloft.Post42.Sentence2	Mild withdrawal symptoms are dizziness, irritability, and upset stomach.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence3	The medication helped somewhat.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence4	I taped up to 100mg/day over a several week period.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence5	I was definitely more relaxed about things and Zoloft created an overall sense of well being.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence6	Even though I gained weight and had no sex drive I didn't much care about it.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence7	I was sleeping at least 9 hours a day and still felt tired upon waking, yawned throughout much of the day , However, over time I felt it was becoming less and less effective.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence8	The side effects were tough to take and it no longer seemed like a good tradeoff.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence9	Now tapering down over several weeks.
zoloft.Post42.Sentence10	I am experiencing some of the side effects mentioned elsewhere, dizziness, irritability, upset stomach, although they are fairly mild.
zoloft.Post43.Sentence1	headache on left side of head , left eye pain , numbness in face hand s arms legs, stiff neck and shoulders, vivid dreams , no sex drive .
zoloft.Post43.Sentence2	Seems to make my anxiety worse .
zoloft.Post43.Sentence3	I'm too worried about the side effects I'm having.
zoloft.Post43.Sentence4	Pain in left arm as well makes me nervous .
zoloft.Post43.Sentence5	Has made my hypochondria worse .
zoloft.Post44.Sentence1	increased anxiety during the afternoon which i dread.
zoloft.Post44.Sentence2	will this pass?
zoloft.Post44.Sentence3	I dont know if I should stay on this or not, i'm only on 25mg for 6 days so far but i cant take much more of this afternoon anxiety.
zoloft.Post44.Sentence4	should I up the dose or go off it?
zoloft.Post44.Sentence5	help!
zoloft.Post45.Sentence1	Weight gain , hair loss , headaches , insomnia .
zoloft.Post45.Sentence2	Bad side effects when weaned off like brain zaps, anxiety.
zoloft.Post45.Sentence3	My depression was eleviated but I still wasn't myself, even when I went up to 200 mg.
zoloft.Post45.Sentence4	The side effects got to be too much ( headaches everyday , problems sleeping , gained 10 pounds , would lose a handful of hair everyday ) and I weaned myself off of it, only to experience strange seizure-like zaps in my brain that would last for just a second but were very distressing.
zoloft.Post46.Sentence1	Vastly increased moodiness , extreme levels of excess energy , minor hallucinations , irritability , reduced sex drive , lasting dissociative symptoms .
zoloft.Post46.Sentence2	I was on Zoloft when I was in high school, and it worked fine.
zoloft.Post46.Sentence3	Went back on it after a couple of years of no meds, and it made almost all of my symptoms worse.
zoloft.Post46.Sentence4	I had multiple recurrent thoughts of suicide , the worst self harm I have ever done, all culminating in an overdose on the drugs, leading to an overnight hospital stay.
zoloft.Post46.Sentence5	Zoloft works really well for some people, just make sure you have people around to see how you react to it.
zoloft.Post47.Sentence1	Initially loose bowels , headache, flu-like feeling.
zoloft.Post47.Sentence2	Ongoing loss of appetite , insomnia, jittery feeling, increased anxiety and depression .
zoloft.Post47.Sentence3	This was on 50mg a day.
zoloft.Post47.Sentence4	Obviously not the SSRI for me.
zoloft.Post47.Sentence5	It seemed to make me worse rather than better.
zoloft.Post47.Sentence6	Switched to Luvox which I am finding much more beneficial.
zoloft.Post48.Sentence1	weight gain , hairloss , hallucinations , back pain , muscle spasms , numbness in hands .
zoloft.Post48.Sentence2	The drug has made a difference in my life.
zoloft.Post48.Sentence3	I have people who work for me that have seen a change and don't know I am taking an anti-depressant.
zoloft.Post48.Sentence4	I only take 50mg and life is a lot nicer.
zoloft.Post48.Sentence5	I am more tolerating and less judgemental.
zoloft.Post48.Sentence6	But the side effects I am experiencing are bothersome.
zoloft.Post48.Sentence7	I was suprised to read through the comments and no one elses experienced hairloss .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence1	Woke up this morning with jitters .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence2	That subsided around 10am, That's when I noticed how much of a space cadet I was feeling .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence3	My head was in an unbelievable fog .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence4	I was able to focus and concentrate and hold conversations but I just felt in a daze .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence5	It is now almost time for bed/my next dose and I still have that feeling in my head and slight headache .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence6	I wish I could give this time to kick in but really I had problems while I was at work today and can't do the adjustment period.
zoloft.Post49.Sentence7	If you can hang in there like other people on this forum than god bless you.
zoloft.Post49.Sentence8	But I think I'm going to try other methods right now .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence9	I just don't think I can put myself through hell for a few weeks like this.
zoloft.Post49.Sentence10	You seriously feel worse than you did without the medication .
zoloft.Post49.Sentence11	its hard but if you can hang in there then do it.
zoloft.Post50.Sentence1	have had continuous diarrhea since I started taking this pill.
zoloft.Post50.Sentence2	I've gained 15 pounds .
zoloft.Post50.Sentence3	I feel bloated all the time , Very tired .
zoloft.Post50.Sentence4	Anxiety is gone but still feel down .
zoloft.Post51.Sentence1	Some days constant hunger , other days no appetite at all.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence2	NO SEX DRIVE whatsoever, insomina , no motivation , lack of energy .
zoloft.Post51.Sentence3	I've had major depression since my early teens.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence4	Got some help several years ago after a sucide attempt .
zoloft.Post51.Sentence5	Was on prozac back then but it didn't seem to be helping so stopped it after 3 months.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence6	Just recently started zoloft after my husband told me he couldn't handle it anymore.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence7	Been taking it for the last month and I can tell it is helping but the side effects are awful!
zoloft.Post51.Sentence8	This is my second marriage and my husband is the only man I have ever been with that can make me have an orgasm.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence9	I'm 29 years old and have been with him for almost 3 years now.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence10	I knew that anti-depressants causes decrease in sex drive but this is off the charts.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence11	I cannot have an orgasm to save my life!
zoloft.Post51.Sentence12	It really pisses me off because if you spend most of your adult life married to someone who could care less if you cum or not, and then meet and marry a man that refuses to cum until you do its really bad for both of us.
zoloft.Post51.Sentence13	On top of that I cant sleep without a trazdone or ambien pill and when I get home from work
zoloft.Post52.Sentence1	Nausea , Increased perspiration , Increased heart rate , Weight loss (I've lost about 10-15 lbs, now I'm under 100lbs), Restlessness , Clenching my jaw , loss of appetite .
zoloft.Post52.Sentence2	I was on Zoloft for about a year.
zoloft.Post52.Sentence3	I stopped taking a year ago and have started again.
zoloft.Post52.Sentence4	It worked wonders the first time, but this time around I have been getting all of those symptoms.
zoloft.Post52.Sentence5	I take them at night with Trazadone for insomnia .
zoloft.Post52.Sentence6	So it doesn't keep me up like the doc told me it would.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence1	Headache , dry mouth , dizziness , chronic fatigue , increased appetite , stiffed jaw , decreased libido , weight gain , brain fog .
zoloft.Post53.Sentence2	Zoloft did help with my anxiety but the side effects were just to much to handle to the point that I would rather live with anxiety than to live with these ugly side effects.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence3	the doctor started me at 25mg up to 75mg in two months.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence4	The side effects got stronger and stronger as I felt brain fog , chronic fatigue and all those other side effects I mentioned on a daily basis.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence5	I would also wake up in the mornings drained out feeling dizzy , making it real hard for me to get ready and go to work .
zoloft.Post53.Sentence6	I also gained like 7lb while on zoloft.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence7	I believe if i took this drug any longer I would most likely gain 30+lbs real fast.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence8	No thank you.
zoloft.Post53.Sentence9	Never will i take this crap again.
zoloft.Post54.Sentence1	can't stop eating .
zoloft.Post54.Sentence2	Hungry all the time , Tired , Can't get out of bed , More irritable .
zoloft.Post54.Sentence3	I got a lot worse after going on Zoloft.
zoloft.Post55.Sentence1	Shortly after taking this medication I would get severe stomach cramps that would last a few minutes.
zoloft.Post55.Sentence2	I also had the desire to drink alcohol heavily and got really drunk really fast .
zoloft.Post55.Sentence3	I was on Lexapro before going into remission, but since I didnt have insurance and Lexapro cost moe than $100 per month my Dr. put me on Zoloft as a cheap alternative.
zoloft.Post55.Sentence4	Zoloft did nothing for my depression , just made me crave alcohol ( I was not a heavy drinker before or after taking Zoloft).
zoloft.Post55.Sentence5	Only stayed on it for a couple of weeks then Dr. switched me back to Lexapro.
zoloft.Post56.Sentence1	initial nausea , eventual lack of emotion (both positive and negative).
zoloft.Post57.Sentence1	Yawning every minute or two.
zoloft.Post57.Sentence2	Quit counting yesterday at 100 by lunch time.
zoloft.Post57.Sentence3	Diarrhea for two weeks .
zoloft.Post57.Sentence4	Have felt no effects at 25mg/day week one and 50mg/day week two.
zoloft.Post57.Sentence5	Side effects so far outweigh the lack of benefits.
zoloft.Post57.Sentence6	I have averaged 6 hours of sleep per night for years.
zoloft.Post57.Sentence7	The last 4 days I have sleep 8-10 hours and then wanted to lay in bed another 4) I can't take the side effects and go to work.
zoloft.Post57.Sentence8	I have never taken meds of this type before and wonder if it worth the trouble to try and tough it out until the effects to kick in.
zoloft.Post58.Sentence1	At first, terrible diarrhea .
zoloft.Post58.Sentence2	After a few days, insomnia and headaches .
zoloft.Post58.Sentence3	After a few weeks, extreme apathy and lack of initiative /drive/motivation.
zoloft.Post58.Sentence4	It did, however, fix the seratonin related imbalance, such as excessive crying and worrying .
zoloft.Post58.Sentence5	I would NOT recommend this med to anyone, especially those who have an active social life.
zoloft.Post58.Sentence6	This medication caused a horrible dopamine imbalance , which current medicine can, but WILL NOT TREAT.
zoloft.Post58.Sentence7	I have been treating myself with dopamine agonists and dopamine precursors, which are definetely working.
zoloft.Post58.Sentence8	If you suspect depression .
zoloft.Post58.Sentence9	it would be worth your while to do some research about neurotransmitters, etc I have found that medical trends fail to recognize how dangerous these medications can be; the medical community is saturated by mass loads of marketing by pharmecutical companies, which I think is sad because any seller WILL MOST LIKELY NOT state side effects, in an effort to sell the drug.
zoloft.Post58.Sentence10	It's very sad, but it proves to me that medicine is just a money making field, instead of a people helping field.
zoloft.Post59.Sentence1	dizziness , nausea , extreme loss of appetite , diarrhoea , lethargy , tingling in fingers , sleeplessness , low blood sugar from loss of appetite .
zoloft.Post59.Sentence2	Took 1 50mg tab at 10pm and woke at 1am feeling weird .
zoloft.Post59.Sentence3	Was bedridden that day, Didn't take another tab but still feeling side effects a day later.
zoloft.Post59.Sentence4	I know Zoloft works for a lot of people, but I am breastfeeding and have a 2-year-old to look after, so I can't keep taking it in the hope that the side effects might go away after a week or 2) I need to be able to eat and function.
zoloft.Post59.Sentence5	The doctor told me that it seems I have a hypersensitivity.
zoloft.Post59.Sentence6	My depression is not serious so it looks like I will have to go down a more natural path to help myself.
zoloft.Post60.Sentence1	zomby-like emotionlessness .
zoloft.Post60.Sentence2	I felt dead on this stuff.
zoloft.Post60.Sentence3	I wasn't really depressed.
zoloft.Post60.Sentence4	but I wasn't anything positive either, just BLAH .
zoloft.Post60.Sentence5	I had no reactions , no emotions , no laughter, nothing.
zoloft.Post60.Sentence6	I guess it just didn't agree with me.
zoloft.Post61.Sentence1	had a very strange reaction to this drug, one which some people also seem to experience.
zoloft.Post61.Sentence2	If you have ever taken amphetamine (Dexedrine) you will know what I mean.
zoloft.Post61.Sentence3	I got very speedy and high off of this drug in addition to feeling standard SSRI effects.
zoloft.Post61.Sentence4	However, these speedy effects completely negate any sexual side effects and if anything will improve your sex life, making it great if you find SSRI's sexual side effects distressing.
zoloft.Post61.Sentence5	I found this drug to not do much in the way of improving my anxiety problem, although it did work very well on depression .
zoloft.Post61.Sentence6	The "speed" side effect was very unusual, and I could see it casuing addiction in some people.
zoloft.Post61.Sentence7	This is a great, fairly mild drug with few long-term side effects if your symptoms are depression-specific.
zoloft.Post62.Sentence1	Dizziness , loss of appetite (initially), " staring into space ".
zoloft.Post62.Sentence2	I originally was on Zoloft for two or three years and then stopped taking it, but had started to develop symptoms of depression again about 2 1/2 years ago.
zoloft.Post62.Sentence3	When I first starting retaking it, I had no appetite for about 2 months, but that went away.
zoloft.Post62.Sentence4	More recently, I have experienced dizziness when standing , especially after I get out of the car.
zoloft.Post62.Sentence5	My dosage was increased earlier this year after a traumatic episode and I found the dizziness to be worse .
zoloft.Post62.Sentence6	I haven't fainted but I started to see black spots .
zoloft.Post62.Sentence7	My doctor recommended that I try decreasing it.
zoloft.Post62.Sentence8	I am still dizzy but a little better I also find that I will sometimes zone out .
zoloft.Post62.Sentence9	Despite the side effects, I have found Zoloft helpful in keeping my moods moderated, especially when I feel low (though, on the other hand, I also don't really ever feel extremely happy on it either).
zoloft.Post63.Sentence1	big weight gain !
zoloft.Post63.Sentence2	no sex drive at all .
zoloft.Post63.Sentence3	zoloft worked wonders for my depression ,but after gaining a ton of weight and losing the desire to be intimate with my husband i have switched to wellbutrin xl.
zoloft.Post63.Sentence4	i hope i can lose the weight and regain my libido.
zoloft.Post64.Sentence1	Side effects only lasted for a week.
zoloft.Post64.Sentence2	Right now I don't have any.
zoloft.Post64.Sentence3	But the effectiveness seems to have disappead, too!
zoloft.Post65.Sentence1	The first time I took Zoloft was for depression and explosive anger when I was 19 and it worked like a dream.
zoloft.Post65.Sentence2	Now im 28 and it gave me restless leg syndrome , paranoia , anxiety and I craved sweets constantly .
zoloft.Post65.Sentence3	On the plus side my memory did improve alot ( im ADD) Now im on Lexapro lets see how this goes.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence1	severe migraines , extremely low sex drive , mania , excitability , difficulty sleeping , weight gain , rapid thinking .
zoloft.Post66.Sentence2	i think there are better drugs out there now to treat anxiety and depression , this drug has far too many side effects for anyone to feel comfortable taking it.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence3	however, it does make your mood much better.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence4	thoughts of suicide decreased.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence5	i generally became more optimistic and active.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence6	if you can handle the side effects this drug does wonders.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence7	i came off this drug successfully 2 years ago.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence8	but am now on celexa (which has way less side effects) and clonezipam for panic attacks.
zoloft.Post66.Sentence9	in conclusion there are better drugs out there to treat depression .
zoloft.Post67.Sentence1	hands shake , memory isnt as good .
zoloft.Post69.Sentence1	Headaches , mood swings , grinding teeth , feeling low , loss of concentration , anger , suicidal and omicidal thoughts .
zoloft.Post69.Sentence2	I started taking it at 100mg and then went on 50mg due to headaches I was also using endep 50mg for insomnia and pain .
zoloft.Post69.Sentence3	At the moment I can say that I felt better on 100mg.
zoloft.Post69.Sentence4	I still feel depressed and have negative thoughts racing through my mind so I don't think 50mg is really enough for me.
zoloft.Post70.Sentence1	Having to up my dosage twice.
zoloft.Post70.Sentence2	Then i realized it was just the kind of drug that stopped working.
zoloft.Post70.Sentence3	If zoloft isn't working for you, you should try another anti depressant.
zoloft.Post70.Sentence4	i recommend cymbalta but it might not be right for you.
zoloft.Post71.Sentence1	No sex drive .
zoloft.Post71.Sentence2	Vivid dreams / nightmares .
zoloft.Post71.Sentence3	EXTREME acne around mouth and jaw .
zoloft.Post71.Sentence4	But it did help with depression .
zoloft.Post71.Sentence5	However after dealing with this acne I'm going to try another med.
zoloft.Post71.Sentence6	no over the counter facial lotions washes worked.
zoloft.Post72.Sentence1	Sexual dysfunction , extreme hunger , carbohydrate cravings , weight gain , insomnia , acid reflux , fatigue , water retention , eating disorder thoughts , spacey thinking .
zoloft.Post72.Sentence2	Medicine would stop working and I'd have to up the dose, anything above 25 MG and the side effects start to very badly effect my life.
zoloft.Post73.Sentence1	weight gain , agitation , hair loss , sleep disturbance .
zoloft.Post74.Sentence1	completely destroyed what was left of my sex drive (and almost my marriage).
zoloft.Post74.Sentence2	I only take it now when I am having a particularly BAD day ( suicidal ).
zoloft.Post74.Sentence3	Good part is it works immediately.
zoloft.Post74.Sentence4	Also helped me gain over 40 lbs that won't come off no matter what I do.
zoloft.Post74.Sentence5	Chronic constipation , too.
zoloft.Post74.Sentence6	Don't like that feeling of not caring about anything , though, good or bad.
zoloft.Post75.Sentence1	Lack of sex drive , no orgasms .
zoloft.Post75.Sentence2	Weight loss .
zoloft.Post75.Sentence3	Sweats .
zoloft.Post75.Sentence4	It seemed to stop severe depression and helped my mood enough so that with counselling and support I could eventually get on with my life.
zoloft.Post75.Sentence5	It could have been any ssri though.
zoloft.Post76.Sentence1	Today was my 3rd dose of Zolft (50mg).
zoloft.Post76.Sentence2	First 2 days had loose stools .
zoloft.Post76.Sentence3	This morning my jaw felt tight and then I suddenly was hit with an overwhelming feeling of panic .
zoloft.Post76.Sentence4	My heart was racing , skin tingling , and even oddly numb.
zoloft.Post76.Sentence5	Basically felt very very strange .
zoloft.Post76.Sentence6	As I'm a nurse I was convinced I was having an allergic reaction and was terrified I was going to pass out.
zoloft.Post76.Sentence7	Pulled myself together and spoke to GP & psych who feel it's anxiety and side-effects but even with my worst anxiety I have never felt quite like that.
zoloft.Post76.Sentence8	Am determined to persevere but fearful of experiencing the same thing tomorrow.
zoloft.Post76.Sentence9	Am reassured by reading other people's comments but would like to know if anyhone else felt anything similar in first few days.
zoloft.Post76.Sentence10	Have trouble rating Zoloft as I have not been on it long enough to really know yet.
zoloft.Post77.Sentence1	Initially - zombie like feeling , no emotions , intense yawning ; Ongoing - extreme fatigue , ZERO sex drive , chills (that is feeling like someone is walking over my grave .
zoloft.Post77.Sentence2	not cold chills), TMJ (from clenching jaw at night ).
zoloft.Post77.Sentence3	I've been taking Zoloft for a year.
zoloft.Post77.Sentence4	During the first month or so I noticed a definite decrease in my anger and anxiety .
zoloft.Post77.Sentence5	However, after a few months, I feel like all I want to do is drink .
zoloft.Post77.Sentence6	I'm still depressed pretty bad and that has yet to go away.
zoloft.Post77.Sentence7	My anxiety is more under control, but not gone.
zoloft.Post77.Sentence8	I'm thinking about upping my dose and going to AA for the drinking.
zoloft.Post77.Sentence9	It seems like I've become an alcoholic since starting Zoloft.
zoloft.Post77.Sentence10	I have NO sex drive and am always tired .
zoloft.Post77.Sentence11	I also get bouts of suicidal thoughts .
zoloft.Post78.Sentence1	Lack of sexual desire , harder to reach orgasm .
zoloft.Post78.Sentence2	Helped with depression but total lack of desire for sex
zoloft.Post79.Sentence1	weight gain of 30 pounds.
zoloft.Post80.Sentence1	Lack of sex drive , weight gain , sleep problems .
zoloft.Post80.Sentence2	Still depressed , some times worse than others.
zoloft.Post80.Sentence3	Started taking it after Prozac and (can't remember the name) made my stomach hurt so bad.
zoloft.Post80.Sentence4	I really cannot tell if it is helping.
zoloft.Post80.Sentence5	But I haven't committed suicide either.
zoloft.Post81.Sentence1	non-existent sex drive .
zoloft.Post82.Sentence1	Dry mouth , nausea , no sex drive , and RLS worsened .
zoloft.Post82.Sentence2	I was put on Zoloft for severe depression.
zoloft.Post82.Sentence3	It has worked for my depression but the Dr. told me that it would help my RLS .
zoloft.Post82.Sentence4	It made my RLS 4xs worse .
zoloft.Post82.Sentence5	Also my sex drive went from brooooom brooom to put put if any.
zoloft.Post82.Sentence6	In the first couple of weeks I had SEVERE drymouth and hated that.
zoloft.Post82.Sentence7	But it works great for my depression
zoloft.Post83.Sentence1	Just started taking it a few days ago.
zoloft.Post83.Sentence2	I find that I am constantly clenching my jaw and it feels "funny" when I yawn or smile.
zoloft.Post83.Sentence3	I also feel very, very groggy in the mornings and have to force myself out of bed , but once I'm up, the grogginess fades pretty quickly and I actually have energy throughout the day.
zoloft.Post83.Sentence4	I have also noticed that my mood has improved and I'm not weepy like before.
zoloft.Post83.Sentence5	So far so good.
zoloft.Post84.Sentence1	The only side effect I've had is it has completly shut down my sex drive .
zoloft.Post84.Sentence2	I'm 45 years old,so all it's done for me is swap one problem for another.
zoloft.Post84.Sentence3	I plan on trying something else,this drug is also too expensive.
zoloft.Post84.Sentence4	Cost is too high.
zoloft.Post84.Sentence5	Can't tell if it really works.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence1	MAJOR head pressure , dizziness , moodiness , agitation , no patience , insomnia , suicidal thoughts .
zoloft.Post85.Sentence2	Switched to Zoloft because Paxil didn't work anymore.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence3	The first dosage was 50 mg and after that increased to 100mg.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence4	The depression lifted a bit but the anxiety , head pressure , dizziness , insomnia were unbearable .
zoloft.Post85.Sentence5	Then the doctor increased it to 150 mg which made the head pressure worse so I slowly got back down to 100mg.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence6	I am still feeling head pressure which is causing my moodiness but the doctor doesn't believe me.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence7	If this head pressure will go away, I think I would be able to cope much better.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence8	I'm afraid to switch to another anti-depressent because the withdrawals that I've experienced from Paxil & Effexor was a nightmare and I know Zoloft has similar withdrawals.
zoloft.Post85.Sentence9	I guess I'll wait to see if this head pressure will ever go away.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence1	The first couple of days I noticed slight dizziness within an hour or so of taking it but it resolved itself.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence2	Dry mouth also for the first few days.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence3	Insomnia was horrid the first 2-3 days , not sleeping but 2-3 hours each night .
zoloft.Post86.Sentence4	Other than that, nothing - until week 3 when I all of the sudden experienced moderate nause a/vomiting and pretty good dizziness constantly .
zoloft.Post86.Sentence5	Also, about a 5 lb.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence6	weight loss in the 3 weeks I took it.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence7	Decreased appetite .
zoloft.Post86.Sentence8	I'm disappointed.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence9	I debated and debated whether to try an anti-depressant and finally decided to go with Zoloft because I am nursing my 1 year old.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence10	I decided at this point the potential risk to my daughter was outweighed by my extreme mood swings / impatience / anger in general towards my kids.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence11	I started low, 25 mg's the first 7 days, then increased to 50) The first couple of days were rough with the insomnia but when that cleared up I felt fine, like I wasn't taking anything.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence12	It wasn't until the 3rd week that I started to feel as though I had the flu .
zoloft.Post86.Sentence13	I went to the dr. and he said no way could it be the Zoloft, said I had the stomach flu.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence14	Well, this lasted for 7 full days and I stay home with my 3 small children, it wasn't working!
zoloft.Post86.Sentence15	Today, I decided enough and did not take it.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence16	So far, no "withdrawal" effects but I'll be darned if I feel great.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence17	No nausea / dizziness like I experienced yesterday and the 7 days prior.
zoloft.Post86.Sentence18	I really wanted this to work and I do think it mellowed me out a bit, I wasn't so on edge, so jumpy and moody and irritable .
zoloft.Post86.Sentence19	I just can't go on indefinitely feeling like I was going to fall over or vomit all day .
zoloft.Post87.Sentence1	Tired , dry mouth , dizziness on occassion .
zoloft.Post87.Sentence2	For treating major depression .
zoloft.Post87.Sentence3	Started with 25mg for first 2 weeks, started with 50 mg for next 2 weeks.
zoloft.Post87.Sentence4	Not really doing better yet.
zoloft.Post87.Sentence5	Heard that 100 mg is the typical dose for treatment, but have to gradually increase dose to lessen side effects.
zoloft.Post87.Sentence6	Haven't started therapy yet.
zoloft.Post87.Sentence7	Maybe it will help.
zoloft.Post88.Sentence1	no orgasm during sex .
zoloft.Post88.Sentence2	no orgasm during sex
zoloft.Post89.Sentence1	was very tried until I started taking concerta for add.
zoloft.Post89.Sentence2	I have gained 15 lbs in about 3 months.
zoloft.Post89.Sentence3	I think due to the fact the zoloft has numbed any feeling of guilt of what I'm eating .
zoloft.Post89.Sentence4	It's been a free for all.
zoloft.Post89.Sentence5	Also I had a very slow metab.
zoloft.Post89.Sentence6	to begin with.
zoloft.Post90.Sentence1	Lack of ability to obtain erection (before taking, it was almost as if I could just think about something sexual to obtain erection, now my girlfriend and I both need about 10 minutes of heavy passionate kissing to even get horny (she is also on Zoloft now), Ejaculating problems , mainly sexual side effects .
zoloft.Post90.Sentence2	Has helped me with my anxiety and depression , though I still do worry alot, maybe more than before.
zoloft.Post90.Sentence3	Bad sexual side effects .
zoloft.Post90.Sentence4	I'm going to talk it over with my doctor to see what I'd like to have done.
zoloft.Post91.Sentence1	sweating , dry mouth , increased anxiety .
zoloft.Post91.Sentence2	worked wonderfully in the beginning.
zoloft.Post91.Sentence3	took away all the depression I was experiencing for three months.
zoloft.Post91.Sentence4	after 2 years, I built up a tolerance and had to increase it from 50 mg to 100 mg. the depression was creeping back again.
zoloft.Post91.Sentence5	I found nutritional supplements to deal with the depression .
zoloft.Post91.Sentence6	I am still on 25mg of Zoloft b/c it is IMPOSSIBLE to come off of.
zoloft.Post91.Sentence7	withdrawal is HORRIBLE!
zoloft.Post91.Sentence8	It does nothing for the depression anymore but my body is too used to it to stop it
zoloft.Post92.Sentence1	dry mouth , increased sweating , sexual problems (libido and ability).
zoloft.Post92.Sentence2	I was taking 200mg every morning, however I now only take 50mg as I am trying to get my sexual problems to improve.
zoloft.Post92.Sentence3	In addition, I am taking 300mg of wellbutrin, soon 450mg, and I am feeling sexual again.
zoloft.Post92.Sentence4	It has also helped me out of a deep depression that zoloft could not do.
zoloft.Post92.Sentence5	I love the extra energy!
zoloft.Post92.Sentence6	I also take klonopin 1mg 3 times daily.
zoloft.Post93.Sentence1	No appetite I went 3 days without eating and didn't realise until my partner was ramming a sandwich down me, now just a smaller appetite and still forget to eat .
zoloft.Post93.Sentence2	Blurred vision , diarrhoea , nausea , heart burn , hyper / wired can stay awake for 48hr s so have to take a sedative to sleep , insomnia , brain zaps / waves like vertigo but whilst sitting , speech problems and speech block , memory loss , suicidal thoughts with one attempt, dry mouth , involuntary movements like jerking .
zoloft.Post93.Sentence3	Reading through this yes the side effects have been awful and pretty persistent but I'll now explain below.
zoloft.Post93.Sentence4	Basically I anise these tablets no end and take up to 800-1000mg hence all the side effects, but because I abused them so heavily at the start a normal dose now gives me withdrawal which gives all the above side effects.
zoloft.Post93.Sentence5	So they work just don't abuse them or get blinding drunk as trying to kill yourself happens.
zoloft.Post94.Sentence1	with zoloft of 50mg then 100 mg, I experienced a decreased sex drive - and inability to have orgasm .
zoloft.Post94.Sentence2	more tiredness and irritable when I had to get up.
zoloft.Post94.Sentence3	monotone in emotion .
zoloft.Post94.Sentence4	I felt like I existed- monotone .
zoloft.Post94.Sentence5	nothing was funny and nothing made me too upset either.
zoloft.Post94.Sentence6	just shrug my shoulders as my living room curtains caught fire from melted heater wire that sparked.
zoloft.Post94.Sentence7	(not kidding- literally oh well.
zoloft.Post94.Sentence8	ho hum!)
zoloft.Post94.Sentence9	It did only allow me to think about one subject at a time other than my previous 9,846 thoughts in 2 minutes .
zoloft.Post94.Sentence10	(which was good)
zoloft.Post95.Sentence1	Loss of sex drive , manic episodes , trouble sleeping .
zoloft.Post95.Sentence2	Was placed on Zoloft after suicide attempt .
zoloft.Post95.Sentence3	Although side effects were minimal, I started having severe manic episodes after a few weeks - driving 500 miles for no reason , not sleeping for days , etc Eventually I was taken off Zoloft and placed on Lamictal, which is now slowly reducing my manic episodes.
zoloft.Post95.Sentence4	Zoloft helped balance my mood after about a month, but the mania made my life more difficult.
zoloft.Post96.Sentence1	loss of sex drive , increase in anxiety .
zoloft.Post96.Sentence2	not sure if this is going to work.
zoloft.Post96.Sentence3	dr says that it can take up to 8 weeks .
zoloft.Post96.Sentence4	I hope it works soon
zoloft.Post97.Sentence1	none.
zoloft.Post97.Sentence2	It didn't alleviate my depression or anxiety
zoloft.Post98.Sentence1	feel like when i get upset it just makes it worse and i dont feel like myself.
zoloft.Post99.Sentence1	Vivid dreams , night sweats , extreme lethargy , decreased interest in sex , feeling emotionless , nausea .
zoloft.Post99.Sentence2	I felt an almost instant change with this drug, but ended up spending a lot of time in bed feeling tired and indifferent instead of going to class.
zoloft.Post99.Sentence3	I guess that's always better than feeling suicidal , right?
zoloft.Post99.Sentence4	No sex =no good, though.And you'll probably scare your partner away anyway after they realize that you've soaked yourself, your pj's, and the sheets through with night sweats .
zoloft.Post99.Sentence5	After you threw up 30 minutes after taking your pill.
zoloft.Post99.Sentence6	Wellbutrin worked MUCH better!
zoloft.Post100.Sentence1	weight gain , extreme spaciness and forgetfulness, loss of vocabulary , lethargic , cloudy head , lack of concentration .
zoloft.Post100.Sentence2	The first few months i was on Zoloft my depression and anxiety were definitely lifted.
zoloft.Post100.Sentence3	But in the past month, things have a taken a turn.
zoloft.Post100.Sentence4	I'm tired all the time , have gained 10 pounds and can't think straight .
zoloft.Post100.Sentence5	This drug has made me feel really stupid and I find myself at aloss for words quite often - simply because I can't think of the right words to use .
zoloft.Post100.Sentence6	But my overall mood has been much better which I guess is a good thing.
zoloft.Post100.Sentence7	But do i want to be dumb and happy or smart and depressed?
zoloft.Post100.Sentence8	Hmmm.
zoloft.Post100.Sentence9	I saw my doctor today and am going to switch drugs.
zoloft.Post100.Sentence10	I'm a little nervous about the withdrawl from Zoloft after hearing other reports here.
zoloft.Post100.Sentence11	I'll be sure to write back with my experience.
zoloft.Post101.Sentence1	None.
zoloft.Post101.Sentence2	Initially Zoloft was great.
zoloft.Post101.Sentence3	It leveled me out and made coping with circumstances manageable.
zoloft.Post101.Sentence4	I must have developed a tolerance however, as my dosage was increased and now my doc is transitioning me to Lexapro.
zoloft.Post102.Sentence1	for the first 2 weeks, "jittery" , and tired in the day, but these went away totally, still sexual dysfunction .
zoloft.Post102.Sentence2	Works great other than side effects
zoloft.Post103.Sentence1	Sexual side-effects , insomnia .
zoloft.Post103.Sentence2	This medicine works wonderfully for it's intended purpose.
zoloft.Post103.Sentence3	I have switched to 5-htp though since it doesn't have the side-effects of Zoloft.
zoloft.Post103.Sentence4	The 5-HTP is great for mild serotonin disorders.
zoloft.Post103.Sentence5	I did fine at 50 mg ZOloft and fine on supplements too.
zoloft.Post104.Sentence1	night sweats , yawning , vivid dreams (but not bad ones); the first week felt dizzy ; slightly reduced libido but more difficulty in reaching orgasm .
zoloft.Post104.Sentence2	Within a week I felt my energy level increase and depressed / suicidal thoughts decrease.
zoloft.Post104.Sentence3	After a month some of the anxiety and self-destructive urges returned, but I feel more able to manage these episodes and they are less crushing.
zoloft.Post104.Sentence4	Increased dose from 50 to 75 mg, maybe will increase to 100 mg.
zoloft.Post104.Sentence5	I still feel like "myself" but just less miserable and irritable .
zoloft.Post104.Sentence6	I feel tired a lot in the middle of the day but I always have in the winter anyway!
zoloft.Post104.Sentence7	Sex is still enjoyable but it's harder to climax , which is annoying, but I think is getting better with time.
zoloft.Post104.Sentence8	It has really helped for symptoms of depression and with less side affects than I was afraid of.
zoloft.Post104.Sentence9	I recommend it.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence1	stayed awake for the first week or so.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence2	None others.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence3	Don't ever run out.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence4	Cold turkey is dangerous.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence5	After 3 days stopping 100 mg a day, I should not have been behind the wheel.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence6	A whole weekend went by and I didn't know where I was or what time or day it was.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence7	A nurse at the emergency room that checked me vitals, was the only person I remember, beside my two children.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence8	She looked at me and said I was being ridiculous, "Zoloft is a day to day medicine and there is no effects from stopping!"
zoloft.Post105.Sentence9	This was 5 years ago and I will never forget her stupidity or condescending face.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence10	Both my children started laughing at her.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence11	On the positive side, I'm much more relaxed in tense situations.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence12	If I'm cut off in traffic, I don't flip anymore.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence13	I let them in and give a polite wave.
zoloft.Post105.Sentence14	the anger is just not there.
zoloft.Post106.Sentence1	Absolutely no libido !
zoloft.Post107.Sentence1	Dry mouth .
zoloft.Post107.Sentence2	Worse trying to go off it, so I'm still on it.
zoloft.Post108.Sentence1	At first nausea , diareah , shakiness , sleeplessness , brain zaps , muscle twitches , jaw tightness , vivid/ scary dreams , loss of sex drive .
zoloft.Post108.Sentence2	The side effects were like living a second version of my personal hell.
zoloft.Post108.Sentence3	I stuck with it, and now I am realizing what a sad , pathetic , lonley , afraid , antisocial , hermit I used to be.
zoloft.Post108.Sentence4	Now people enjoy being around me.
zoloft.Post108.Sentence5	I am actually funny!
zoloft.Post108.Sentence6	I can make friends.
zoloft.Post108.Sentence7	I miss orgasms , but I like the person I am now a lot better than I was.
zoloft.Post108.Sentence8	I think I will stay on it for a while!
zoloft.Post109.Sentence1	WEIGHT GAIN !
zoloft.Post109.Sentence2	HOLY COW!
zoloft.Post109.Sentence3	allot of weight gain .
zoloft.Post109.Sentence4	The other nasty side effect is if you forget to take it.
zoloft.Post109.Sentence5	You will end up with a light headed feeling and what I call "trailers' meaning that it takes your eyes a second to catch up with your focus .
zoloft.Post110.Sentence1	very low libido , no sex drive , intensified affects of alcohol tremendously , it relieved crying episodes, it helped me get my life back as far as enjoying things.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence1	had no negative side-effects and loved Seratraline.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence2	It has helped me a lot more than earlier meds.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence3	However, I have tried to taper and quit several times and CAN'T.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence4	I become dizzy, nauseus and can't function; feel as though I'm poisoned.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence5	One tiny dose makes all that badness go away in less than 30 minutes!
zoloft.Post111.Sentence6	So, yeah, I know I'm an addict.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence7	TODAY I'd like to know if my recent muscular twitches are related to this medicine.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence8	My belief is that once a person is on a med like this, his/her chemistry is changed, and, s/he can't "revert to the earlier version" of his/herself, so to speak.
zoloft.Post111.Sentence9	One is forever changed and cannot function as expected without the drug.
zoloft.Post112.Sentence1	Initially went cycling like a yo-yo with mild mania and depression .
zoloft.Post112.Sentence2	Had to go up gradually from 12.5 mg every two weeks until I reached 200 mg in a YEAR.
zoloft.Post112.Sentence3	It was stimulating and I was hyper for a few months .
zoloft.Post112.Sentence4	This is the only SSRI that didn't give me gastric side effects.
zoloft.Post112.Sentence5	It felt stimulating and made me hyper for quite a while .
zoloft.Post112.Sentence6	However, having severe depression , I had no choice but to stick with it Slow titration helped a lot.
zoloft.Post112.Sentence7	Didn't have depression under control until I added Lithium 300 mg as adjunct.
zoloft.Post112.Sentence8	Now depression -free for 5 years or so.
zoloft.Post112.Sentence9	To avoid poop-out I have a day off a week.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence1	At first I had super dry mouth and wanted to sleep forever .
zoloft.Post113.Sentence2	That went away and then I had terrible problems reaching orgasm .
zoloft.Post113.Sentence3	After 6 weeks or so my sex drive vanished completely .
zoloft.Post113.Sentence4	My depression was gone until after about 5 months then the Zoloft just stopped working.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence5	I found if I took a year off the Zoloft, it would work again later so that's what I do.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence6	I have tried almost all classes of anti depressants and so far this works the best.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence7	I get all aspects of my life back together; career, social, family, spiritual.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence8	My love life suffers due to the lack of sex but it lets me focus on other areas.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence9	I have been on and off Zoloft for 5 years and found that staying at a dose of 25mg each morning is the best.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence10	Increasing the dose only increased the side effects.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence11	Zoloft let me still feel sad or angry at times, it didn't make me a complacent, happy person.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence12	It helpped me to feel the appropriate feelings for a situation instead of the all consuming feelings of doom and self loathing .
zoloft.Post113.Sentence13	Without antidepressants I am sure I would have kiled myself by now.
zoloft.Post113.Sentence14	No matter what the side effects are it's worth it to get me back on my feet and let me feel good for a change.
zoloft.Post114.Sentence1	greatly decreased libido .
zoloft.Post114.Sentence2	weight loss /maintenance.
zoloft.Post114.Sentence3	seem to have more breakthrough symptoms after 10 years.
zoloft.Post114.Sentence4	Am considering switch.
zoloft.Post114.Sentence5	Lack of interest in sex ruined my marriage .
zoloft.Post115.Sentence1	smile more and laugh more.
zoloft.Post115.Sentence2	Difficulty reaching orgasm , wierd dreams , weight gain .
zoloft.Post115.Sentence3	I no longer cry everyday and think of suicide everyday.
zoloft.Post115.Sentence4	I can still orgasm it just takes longer .
zoloft.Post115.Sentence5	Binge eating like I haven't done since I was a child!
zoloft.Post116.Sentence1	Dizziness , dry mouth , mild sour stomach (no vomitting), slight insomnia , weight loss , mild apathy , decreased sex drive , and fatigue .
zoloft.Post116.Sentence2	I'm a nurse who works on nightshift.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence3	I've always had bouts of depression , I have a history of major anxiety to the point of it being physically painful , and developed OCD over time.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence4	When I switched to nights I became a complete mess.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence5	I could not even lift my head up because of how depressed I felt, and it scared me.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence6	I asked my PNP to give me zoloft, after thinking long and hard.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence7	I was extremely skeptical and afraid to take it, terrified to say the least, because I had a horrible reaction to a few other anti-Ds.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence8	After having it on my nightstand for about a week, I finally started taking the first weeks 25mg and then upped it to 50mg the following week, which I am on now.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence9	I must say that I noticed a dramatic difference- I'm always tired because of night shift, but I feel NO depression .
zoloft.Post116.Sentence10	I find myself able to fully concentrate, despite the slight dizziness and brainfog it gives.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence11	I stated I feel apathy , but I believe its because I feel apathy towards things that used to make me sad and depressed , and anxious .
zoloft.Post116.Sentence12	As far as my OCD , I have less trouble dealing with my intrusive thoughts and am not a nervous wreck following my episodes.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence13	Even though I feel slightly numbed out , I notice I'm more relaxed than I have ever been-the brainfog does not interefere with my patient care and safety.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence14	I have not had to take as much lorazepam 0.5mg PRN like before, that is an improvement.
zoloft.Post116.Sentence15	Honestly, I get nervous about feeling good on this medication and almost believe too-good-to-be-true, but I t
zoloft.Post117.Sentence1	beginning it I was first on "cloud 9" then I leveled off and life was back to normal.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence2	I have gradually incrased dosages and now I take 200mg/day.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence3	again I'm depressed and ho-hum not to mention I've gained 20lbs I wholeheartedly blame on the zoloft.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence4	I feel great otherwise until I hit this low.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence5	Question?
zoloft.Post117.Sentence6	is there a higher dosage of zoloft that brings you back to life after 200mg that my doc.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence7	isnt telling me, or is it time to quit and change?
zoloft.Post117.Sentence8	On occasion for money reasons i run out of my prescription for zoloft and may go days w/out it.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence9	i suffer from upset stomach, headache (always over my lft eye) terrible highs and lows and hot flashes.
zoloft.Post117.Sentence10	is this typical?
zoloft.Post118.Sentence1	Nausea , weight loss in beginning .
zoloft.Post118.Sentence2	0% sex drive , difficulty sleeping , nightmares , profuse sweating .
zoloft.Post118.Sentence3	For the 1st.
zoloft.Post118.Sentence4	time on med in 1993 it worked great for me for about 2 years.
zoloft.Post118.Sentence5	2nd time on med in 1999 it seemed to not even touch my anxiety / depression .
zoloft.Post118.Sentence6	The nightmares and seeing things at night made me opt for another med.
zoloft.Post118.Sentence7	Effexor XR 150 mgs.
zoloft.Post118.Sentence8	has worked wonders on me.
zoloft.Post119.Sentence1	WEIGHT GAIN !, WEIGHT GAIN !, AND WEIGHT GAIN .
zoloft.Post119.Sentence2	That is the only negative thing about the medication.
zoloft.Post119.Sentence3	It didn't make me feel like I was zoned out or numb.
zoloft.Post119.Sentence4	I loved the way I felt while I was taking it.
zoloft.Post119.Sentence5	The weight gain is the only reason I stopped taking it.
zoloft.Post120.Sentence1	Brain fog , derealization / depersonalization , lack of concentration , hard time remembering things .
zoloft.Post120.Sentence2	I had MAJOR panic attacks , obsessive thoughts , intrusive thoughts , general anxiety .
zoloft.Post120.Sentence3	Zoloft is helping.
zoloft.Post120.Sentence4	No weight gain, no extreme side effects.
zoloft.Post120.Sentence5	I just dont like the brain fog and detached feeling.
zoloft.Post121.Sentence1	None worth mentioning.
zoloft.Post121.Sentence2	This medication has turned my life around; I'd been suffering from moderate to severe depression for decades and was afraid to take antidepressents until my doctor convinced me to at least try Zoloft for a while.
zoloft.Post121.Sentence3	It's been about 4 years and I truly feel like a new person.
zoloft.Post122.Sentence1	The first 2 weeks I had a headache, I couldn't stop grinding my teeth and I was a little restless but it all went away.
zoloft.Post122.Sentence2	I currently take 150 mgs and it's great!
zoloft.Post122.Sentence3	It's a great medicine once you get past the side effects!
zoloft.Post123.Sentence1	loss of libido , drowsiness .
zoloft.Post123.Sentence2	Before being prescribed Zoloft I was very depressed and suicidal .
zoloft.Post123.Sentence3	After a few weeks on Zoloft it was amazing to me the way I felt (that is , not constantly depressed ).
zoloft.Post123.Sentence4	I think it did make me sleepy because I was constantly napping , but that may also partly have been carried over from when I was depressed and unmedicated (I slept to avoid how I was feeling ).
zoloft.Post123.Sentence5	After a year or so I realized I didn't have much of a libido anymore and after about 2.5 years on Zoloft I finally changed my medication, but if it wasn't for that side effect, I most likely would have stayed on it.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence1	weight gain and jaw clenching .
zoloft.Post124.Sentence2	The first 3 weeks of Zoloft (25mg), the anxiety had pretty much subsided (the clenched feeling in my chest was gone!
zoloft.Post124.Sentence3	what a relief!)
zoloft.Post124.Sentence4	but no real difference (some good days some bad days) with the depression .
zoloft.Post124.Sentence5	Moved up to 50mg.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence6	At the end of 6 weeks I still felt no difference but my best friend and boyfriend both said they noticed a difference and that I seemed to take things in stride better.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence7	Moved up to 75mg.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence8	Here- sometimes I felt more depressed , lethargic , and would get upset at things that normally wouldnt upset me, or felt too "whatever happens is fine" Went back down to 50mg 2x a week, 25mg5x a week.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence9	Slowly I noticed my mood feeling better.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence10	Feeling happier.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence11	More easy going.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence12	Also, my feeling of being able to trust others improved (guess I had mild paranoia that I didnt know I had).
zoloft.Post124.Sentence13	I love the effects of this med, except that now I am noticing weight gain (7lbs in last 2 mo.)
zoloft.Post124.Sentence14	thats not coming off with diet and exercise, so I am switching to Wellbutrin SR, and hopefully will have success with my mood and get back to a body fat % I am happy with.
zoloft.Post124.Sentence15	It gets a "4" because of weight gain and how long it took to work (2 months).
zoloft.Post124.Sentence16	Otherwise, it's a 5.
zoloft.Post125.Sentence1	Jittery , clenching/ grinding teeth , insomnia , lack of libido .
zoloft.Post125.Sentence2	It certainly works for what I'm taking it for, but sometimes it can be very hard to handle the side effects I experience with it.
zoloft.Post126.Sentence1	Severe diarrhea , which caused bad abdominal cramping .
zoloft.Post126.Sentence2	It worked better than any other medication I have ever taken for depression .
zoloft.Post126.Sentence3	Only had to stop it because the diarrhea never stopped .
zoloft.Post127.Sentence1	only experienced side effects such as Nausea for the first week or two of taking this medication.
zoloft.Post127.Sentence2	Though I do have extreme withdrawal symptoms if I skip more than one day.
zoloft.Post127.Sentence3	Withdrawal for me is being dizzy and extremely sleepy.
zoloft.Post127.Sentence4	This medication is supposedly supposed to help with anxiety , but for me, I have to take a second medication for that.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence1	These are side effects that continued throughout treatment with the drug.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence2	tiredness , increase in alcohol abuse/depenence (not near as bad as paxil), slightly decreased sexual desire (again not nearly as bad as paxil), somewhat decrease in energy , occasional euphoria .
zoloft.Post128.Sentence3	compared to paxil, zoloft reacts much better with me.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence4	I've been on and off of zoloft for a lot of years, and it has helped fairly well.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence5	However, it seemed to lose effectiveness after a few months.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence6	Then i had to increase the dosage (up from 50 mg).
zoloft.Post128.Sentence7	This always made me a little bit manicky .
zoloft.Post128.Sentence8	Now that i just started back on it, i'm experiencing the usual side effects when starting( tiredness , nausea , constipation , flucuations in mood and appetite, sweating ).
zoloft.Post128.Sentence9	These subsided for me after about a week previous times i've been on it.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence10	It's a good first stab at trying an ssri in my opinion.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence11	if you are starting zoloft, start at low dosages and increase only if needed.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence12	Less is more.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence13	*Note* I am not a medical professional and have no medical training.
zoloft.Post128.Sentence14	This information is simply compiled from personal experience and remember that everyone reacts differently to these drugs so you may experience some/all/none ,or have other side effects i didn't mention.
zoloft.Post129.Sentence1	sleeping a lot , low energy , sometimes hungry sometimes not, jaw grinding quite a bit , feeling ok then really down unexpectedly, sometimes not able to sleep until 4am , not much feeling down below , want to express myself and cry but can't , dry mouth sometimes , cigarettes don't taste as good , alchohol cravings sometimes , zombie like feeling but this improved on taking med at night.
zoloft.Post129.Sentence2	6 weeks now and today i am starting 100mg dose, previously 50) Generally feeling better but will comment again in due course.
zoloft.Post129.Sentence3	There is light at the end of the tunnel.
zoloft.Post130.Sentence1	Initially, some insomnia which subsided.
zoloft.Post130.Sentence2	Long term: low libido, fatigue.
zoloft.Post130.Sentence3	I currently take 200mg.
zoloft.Post130.Sentence4	Zoloft has made all the difference in my life: I'm no longer depressed .
zoloft.Post130.Sentence5	The anxiety I experience is somewhat resistant, however, and Zoloft isn't really helping.
zoloft.Post130.Sentence6	My doctor has prescribed a very low dose of Seroquel (off-label) to help the anxiety , but I haven't taken it.
zoloft.Post130.Sentence7	Its an antipsychotic with lots of serious side effects (I'm not psychotic).
zoloft.Post130.Sentence8	So, I may need to try a different SSRI to see if it will help with the anxiety .
zoloft.Post131.Sentence1	Memory loss , sweating .
zoloft.Post131.Sentence2	I started taking 50 mg per day after a car accident that left me with a back injury.
zoloft.Post131.Sentence3	I am now up to 200 mg per day of Zoloft and I can say I no longer dwell on certain things, but I worry about other things more.
zoloft.Post131.Sentence4	I have a high tolerence to meds, I also take 2000-3000 mg lortab per day for pain and it just barely takes the edge off.
zoloft.Post131.Sentence5	I also take flexeril 4 times a day and take 10mg of Ambien nightly to sleep, and a blood pressure pill daily (I am not overweight).
zoloft.Post131.Sentence6	Even with all this I function normally & I am self employed, which is extremely stressful.
zoloft.Post131.Sentence7	No one who knows me would ever believe I take this much medication!
zoloft.Post131.Sentence8	I would love to say Zoloft is a life saver but it only slightly helps me.
zoloft.Post131.Sentence9	If I miss a dose though, I feel like I have little lightening strikes in my head.
zoloft.Post131.Sentence10	Overall, it does help some, but I have not tried to come off of it, YET!
zoloft.Post132.Sentence1	helped me alot.
zoloft.Post132.Sentence2	Helped a great deal then put on the generic and had a totally negative reaction.
zoloft.Post132.Sentence3	I had terrible panic and anxiety .
zoloft.Post132.Sentence4	Now my dr put me back on name brand He puts on script that it is medically necesary so my ins covers it.
zoloft.Post132.Sentence5	Believe me the generic vs the name brand makes a big difference.
zoloft.Post133.Sentence1	Sexual side effects .
zoloft.Post133.Sentence2	Virtually impossible to ejaculate .
zoloft.Post134.Sentence1	gained 5lbs , decreased sexual desire .
zoloft.Post134.Sentence2	I was on 50mg for 8 years, after a while it wasn't helping so the doc increased it and I am much happier now.
zoloft.Post134.Sentence3	Really very few side effects-I think it's great.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence1	None at first, but over time I realized 1) I had gained 50 lbs in the last 3 years, 2) I had anxiety attack s that I previously never had , 3) Restless Leg Syndrome , 4) Sweaty and HOT nearly all of the time.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence2	5) Still had several months during the year when I was fatigued and too tired to function.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence3	I stopped taking Zoloft because I was still having several months out of the year when I felt like it wasn't helping - I had no motivation and just wanted to sleep all day .
zoloft.Post135.Sentence4	Plus, in the last year, I experienced anxiety attacks more frequently which slowly created phobias I never had before.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence5	The last straw was feeling hot all of the time .
zoloft.Post135.Sentence6	People look at you strange when you wear short sleeves in 40 degree weather .
zoloft.Post135.Sentence7	;) HOWEVER, it did help a majority of the time, especially in the first 2 years.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence8	It helped get rid of the depression yet I still felt completely myself - not like a zombie at all.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence9	It was mild enough that I could switch the dosages when I had a bad "phase" (maybe SAD?)
zoloft.Post135.Sentence10	without any immediate side effects.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence11	Thought it was a miracle drug at first!
zoloft.Post135.Sentence12	Unfortunately, the side effects began to be too much for it to be worth it.
zoloft.Post135.Sentence13	Currently in the process of switching over to Wellbutrin XL.
zoloft.Post136.Sentence1	IT SAVED MY LIFE
zoloft.Post137.Sentence1	At greater then 50 mg experience sexual side effects .
zoloft.Post137.Sentence2	Bad vivid dreams .
zoloft.Post137.Sentence3	Been on 50 mg for 10 years.
zoloft.Post137.Sentence4	I am sure it probably isn't doing anything for me except a crutch.
zoloft.Post137.Sentence5	If I increase to 100 I have sexual side effects immediate.
zoloft.Post137.Sentence6	It helped a lot at the beginning when I had anxiety attacks and depression .
zoloft.Post137.Sentence7	Really can affect sleep .
zoloft.Post137.Sentence8	Have many dreams , usually bad, that sometimes can not determine from reality.
zoloft.Post138.Sentence1	Decreased libido and insomnia .
zoloft.Post139.Sentence1	Headaches & mild nausea for a few hours after taking it for the first few weeks.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence2	Both subsided in a couple of weeks.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence3	I experience some drowsiness so I take it at night.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence4	I started taking zoloft for depression and insomnia .
zoloft.Post139.Sentence5	Thankfully, it took care of insomnia from the very first night.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence6	I had the best sleep I'd had in months.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence7	Now, after taking it for 9 months or so, I still sleep deeply (this can be both a blessing and a curse).
zoloft.Post139.Sentence8	For the first couple of weeks, I'd get headaches and have mild nausea after taking the pill.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence9	But again, that stopped after about two weeks.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence10	During the first 6 to 8 weeks on zoloft, I couldn't remember any of my dreams.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence11	But they came back after that - as colorful as before.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence12	I read where others have experienced vivid dreams as a side effect, but I've always dreamed pretty vividly so this doesn't bother me.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence13	I do still get the drowsiness about an hour after I take it, so I take it at night.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence14	For the first 3 or 4 months, I noticed a slight decrease in libido, but at this point my sex drive is back in full force plus some.
zoloft.Post139.Sentence15	Zoloft helped me a great deal, really helped me get out of a deep depression .
zoloft.Post139.Sentence16	In a few months my doctor and I hav
zoloft.Post140.Sentence1	weight gain that I cannot shake, but other than that it is much easier staying on an even keel in my PM week, and my family doesn't have to tolerate an anxious B**** who wants nothing but to run away during that week.
zoloft.Post141.Sentence1	Started w/ 50MG to build up to 100/day and during first week period experienced horrible side effects; tremors , nausea , etc After that week, no side effects whatsoever.
zoloft.Post141.Sentence2	Only long term effect is that I can't cry - literally.
zoloft.Post141.Sentence3	not that I'd want to be cry often but it is a good stress relief and now, nothing.
zoloft.Post141.Sentence4	Overall I'm glad I'm on it, have been for around 4-5 years now.
zoloft.Post141.Sentence5	I can tell I get less angry at things and sometimes less sad - the only complaint is not being able to express sadness .
zoloft.Post141.Sentence6	I'd still recommend at least giving it a shot.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence1	tremor (especially in hands) , zombie feeling at too high a dosage, tiredness , lack of energy , numbing .
zoloft.Post142.Sentence2	Zoloft has helped me a great deal since I began taking it 10 years ago.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence3	It worked well but then I decided to try and get off of it .
zoloft.Post142.Sentence4	I tapered down from 75mg very carefully and slowly.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence5	At first, it felt great - I felt happier and better than I had since beginning the medication, and continued to feel that way emotionally until I reached 0mg.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence6	About a week later, however, the withdrawal hit and it was HORRIBLE.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence7	I was rapid cycling between being "okay" and crying uncontrollably about nothing, my anxiety was absolutely awful, I had a headache from hell, I was irritable and actually ANGRY at everyone and everything in spite of never having an anger problem in my life, and everything felt hopeless to me.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence8	I eventually struggled with whether it was withdrawal or the original problem, but then at my lowest point I decided to take 12.5mg and within two hours EVERY problem went away.
zoloft.Post142.Sentence9	This tells me (and my doctors) that what I had been feeling was the withdrawal, and not the or
zoloft.Post143.Sentence1	increased migraine and headaches frequency (went from very rarely to frequently), vomitting , nausea , initially constipated then just diarrhea , disturbing twitching while trying to fall asleep, not the usual twitching, very dry mouth , loss of libido ( got better when I decreased from 150mg to 100 mg after 3 months), also have occasional yawnitis as I call it which was worse in the beginning, also had terrible motion sickness I have never had before from flying, alot of dizziness if I forget my dose after just an hour since I decreased to 100mg a month ago, irritability , fall asleep at work sometimes lasting all day, somewhat better after taking the medicine at noontime, waking up in the middle of the night is completely resolved since taking the meds at noontime rather than before bed, definitely I am not losing weight, had panic attacks and that weird tingly feeling for first 2 weeks but these went away.
zoloft.Post143.Sentence2	the irritablility is less than the irritability I had from PMS before taking zoloft.
zoloft.Post143.Sentence3	despite the side effects the medicine works very well for anxiety .
zoloft.Post143.Sentence4	I still have trouble waking up in the morning which I thought was depression but maybe I just have a sleep disorder.
zoloft.Post143.Sentence5	I am going to switch back to celexa if possible since I took that before and the side effects were minimal and also to try and avoid zoloft withdrawl .
zoloft.Post143.Sentence6	from there on I don't know what I will do b/c celexa seemed to stop working after a year which was why I switched to zoloft.
zoloft.Post143.Sentence7	my doctor wanted to just increase my dose of celexa but this made me very dizzy, almost blind when I would stand up fast or get out of bed.
zoloft.Post143.Sentence8	looking back this seems not half as bad as the side effects from zoloft.
zoloft.Post144.Sentence1	major weight gain that led to high systolic blood pressure .
zoloft.Post144.Sentence2	Headaches for a couple of days of withdrawal.
zoloft.Post144.Sentence3	Zoloft worked quickly and effectively at first, but eventually the weight gain it caused led to more depression (not to mention other health problems!)
zoloft.Post145.Sentence1	No noticeable side effects until dosage was increased from 50 to 100mgs, then I noticed decrease in sex drive and increase in weight gain .
zoloft.Post145.Sentence2	I love Zoloft because of the very few side effects and its effectiveness in treating my anxiety and depression .
zoloft.Post145.Sentence3	I haven't needed to take a Xanax in a long time.
zoloft.Post145.Sentence4	Unfortunately, the weight gain and sex drive issue is driving me crazy, and I am considering switching to another drug because of this, but it appears that the other SSRIs have the same issues.
zoloft.Post145.Sentence5	I do highly recommend this drug, but everyone is different.
zoloft.Post145.Sentence6	My mom tried taking it and she broke out in hives, or hive-like bumps all over her body.
zoloft.Post146.Sentence1	jittery , can't sleep , no sex drive .
zoloft.Post146.Sentence2	It did help me with my depression and suicidal thoughts , but I have gained quite a bit of weight .
zoloft.Post146.Sentence3	I have to take an additional medication for anxiety .
zoloft.Post147.Sentence1	Night sweats (really annoying), loose stool (no big deal), difficulty reaching orgasm when i first when on , then it returned to normal for years, but in the last 6 months orgasm is very elusive again.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence2	Took a few years to figure out right time of day to take it to feel ok, evenings work for me (always been 50mg).
zoloft.Post147.Sentence3	When i miss a day i feel very spaced out, thick, groggy, sad.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence4	Zoloft totally changed my life for the better.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence5	The difference was like night and day with feeling like i had a purpose in the world and motivation and joy.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence6	in the last 6 months I feel like Zoloft has stopped working.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence7	i have great social anxiety again, lots of self-doubt , have not felt joy in a very long time.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence8	even though zoloft worked well for so long i have wanted to go off for years due to trendyness/social stigma and belief that i should be able to handle this w/o meds but have had much trouble with the withdrawal the 2 times i tried.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence9	now that i am feeling bad again i wonder if it would be a good time to try going off because the drop might be less than if i were feeling great.
zoloft.Post147.Sentence10	i never liked the idea of being on zoloft but i can't deny that it worked brilliantly for years.
zoloft.Post148.Sentence1	slight headache .
zoloft.Post149.Sentence1	Neck stiffness and pain, Headache , Muscle pain in legs and lower back, Difficult sleep .
zoloft.Post149.Sentence2	I just wanted to report on day 1 of use and will continue to update as I go.
zoloft.Post149.Sentence3	Anxiety was greatly decreased within one hour of taking medication.
zoloft.Post149.Sentence4	I did feel that I needed to slow down and take it easy due a general sense of instability.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence1	Severe insomnia , weight fluctuations .
zoloft.Post150.Sentence2	Once you eat a bite, you don't feel full and crave SUGAR .
zoloft.Post150.Sentence3	Works for my form of depression , however it has destroyed my sleeping patterns .
zoloft.Post150.Sentence4	Dosage of zoloft is 50 to 150 mg range.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence5	I started taking AmbienCR to sleep but at 12.5mg it only helped for 4 hours.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence6	I asked doctor about supplementing Zoloft with Trazadone(antidepressant) and he agreed.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence7	Trazadone puts me to sleep in 20 minutes.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence8	There is synergism (works well together) with the two antidepressants.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence9	Currently 50mg Zoloft and 125mg Trazadone.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence10	Not sure what ratio will work yet but if I can't sleep, I can't function so I will continue to find balance.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence11	I researched Zoloft and literature says 50mg is max dosage.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence12	Anything over and it does not help(but I see many take it at higher dosage and my psych.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence13	doctor typically prescribes at much higher dosages to patients.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence14	This worries me.
zoloft.Post150.Sentence15	If sleep is still issue over long term I will look into subsituting Zoloft for something else.
zoloft.Post151.Sentence1	Difficulty Orgasming , less of a sex drive , DROWSINESS .
zoloft.Post151.Sentence2	It works well with both the OCD and the depression , but I feel numb : nothing seems to affect my mood in good or bad ways.
zoloft.Post152.Sentence1	Very sleepy , would doze off at work at my desk and during meetings .
zoloft.Post152.Sentence2	Weight gain .
zoloft.Post152.Sentence3	VERY vivid dreams to the point of not really knowing what I dreamt and what really happened .
zoloft.Post152.Sentence4	Helped the depression only quit taking it because it affected my job (the sleepiness ) think it may have helped the anxiety , I remember I was able to cut back on my dosage of xanax.
zoloft.Post153.Sentence1	vaginal dryness , decreased libido .
zoloft.Post153.Sentence2	I've been taking it for 12 years for suicidal depression .
zoloft.Post153.Sentence3	This drug has worked really well for my depression , and I feel is worth the side effects.
zoloft.Post154.Sentence1	none.
zoloft.Post154.Sentence2	It cured my symptoms within 6 months.
zoloft.Post155.Sentence1	headache .
zoloft.Post155.Sentence2	good, much better than the effexor I was on.
zoloft.Post156.Sentence1	intese dislike for people who use these forums to use language that clearly idenitfies them as an IDIOT.
zoloft.Post156.Sentence2	As I am reading this forum, I noticed one or two (maybe same person) people using bad language & "dissing" the use of Zoloft.
zoloft.Post156.Sentence3	Personally I have had success in using Zoloft and feel that if a person has an honest opinion, then by all means, express it.
zoloft.Post156.Sentence4	But, words like this person is using (you know which words I am referring to) simply confirms that this person is sorely uneducated and is ignorant of the fact that the english language has many more options than what they are aware of.
zoloft.Post156.Sentence5	My suggestion is to get a Thesaurus & a Dictionary & get studying!
zoloft.Post156.Sentence6	(and leave this forum to those who want to help themselves & others)
zoloft.Post157.Sentence1	none.
zoloft.Post158.Sentence1	mild, a little dizzy at first !
zoloft.Post158.Sentence2	Great stuff, after 10 years I think I have found my medicine!
zoloft.Post158.Sentence3	sexual appetite went away
zoloft.Post159.Sentence1	Loose stool , loss of sex drive , headaches .
zoloft.Post159.Sentence2	I was on zoloft 50 mg for over a year.
zoloft.Post159.Sentence3	I thought I was better went off it, but became worse than before when not on medication.
zoloft.Post159.Sentence4	My doctor up my dose to 100 mg and I feel great.
zoloft.Post159.Sentence5	I am better an ever and so is my mood.
zoloft.Post160.Sentence1	little dry mouth .
zoloft.Post160.Sentence2	This drug has taken the "EDGE" off of my symptoms and has help me stabilize my mood.
zoloft.Post160.Sentence3	An increase in dose caused insomnia , went back down, no problems.
zoloft.Post161.Sentence1	Loss of sex drive , however, the side effects of depression are much worse.
zoloft.Post161.Sentence2	Yes?
zoloft.Post161.Sentence3	Stopped me from thinking about suicide every single day for years.
zoloft.Post161.Sentence4	Gave me a
zoloft.Post162.Sentence1	Dry mouth, heightened side effects if more than one day's dose was missed (aggression, agitation, restlessness, mood swings) but not severe enough to quit taking it long term.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence2	I was on 100 mg for 3 1/2 years when it quit working as well as it had been.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence3	It was still helping, just not enough.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence4	I was taken off Zoloft and put on Seroquel.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence5	Big mistake!
zoloft.Post162.Sentence6	I suffered from extreme aggression, agitation, mood swings, and I was unable to feel peace or happiness.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence7	I wound up cutting my arm 3 times and needed 31 stitches!
zoloft.Post162.Sentence8	I suffered from a mental brake down after 5 weeks of being on the Seroquel and when I had to stay at a mental facility they put me back on Zoloft and increased my dose to 150mg.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence9	I was like a new person!
zoloft.Post162.Sentence10	I was the 'old', good me again and I have been better ever since.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence11	If the Zoloft stops 'working' then increase your dose before trying something else and risk having an adverse reaction like I did.
zoloft.Post162.Sentence12	Zoloft can be taken up to 350mg and still be safe, so if it has ever worked for you, please give a higher dose a try.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence1	extreme anxiety first 2 weeks.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence2	some sleepiness .
zoloft.Post163.Sentence3	little stomach upset .
zoloft.Post163.Sentence4	it took about 8 weeks for the full effects, and it was a life saver for me.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence5	this drug worked so well along with therapy.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence6	i can only hoope it works as well for others as it did for me.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence7	unfortunatly, it lost its effect after 9 yrs, and i am searching for something else that will be as effective.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence8	if anyone has exp.
zoloft.Post163.Sentence9	this please feel free to write me
zoloft.Post164.Sentence1	Difficulty obtaining orgasim .
zoloft.Post164.Sentence2	It resolved my depession.
zoloft.Post164.Sentence3	I have to take the maximum (200 mg) every day.
zoloft.Post164.Sentence4	I am able to mingle with the public now and have sensible conversation.
zoloft.Post165.Sentence1	Had lots of trouble at first.
zoloft.Post165.Sentence2	Anxiety increased tenfold , had panic attcks , disconnected / spaced out feeling .
zoloft.Post165.Sentence3	But it all went away eventually and I started feeling great.
zoloft.Post165.Sentence4	I love my zoloft.
zoloft.Post165.Sentence5	I am only on 50mg but my insomnia is gone, my anxiety is under control, and I get depressed less often.
zoloft.Post165.Sentence6	Initially had some sexual problems , but remedied that by taking it at night before bed (and after sexual activity) so that the level of the drug would be at its lowest point in the evenings.
zoloft.Post165.Sentence7	I may be seeing some very slight weight gain but I can't say for sure that it is the zoloft.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence1	Libido is decreased .
zoloft.Post166.Sentence2	This is a difficult med.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence3	to start as weird side effects ranging from head aches to ' whirring brain' effects and restlessness .
zoloft.Post166.Sentence4	I found they are minimal when increasing dosage by only 25mg at a time.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence5	It took months to settle in with this drug but it was so worth it.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence6	Dr. s do not understand the crazy side effects of starting this class of drugs and often move patients too quickly thru increases.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence7	Zoloft is amazing for me.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence8	I have learned how to raise and lower the dosage with the seasons/ light changes here in the north.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence9	I go from 200 mg in winter to 125 in the summer.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence10	I tried Celexa at one point but it caused memory problems right away.
zoloft.Post166.Sentence11	I wouldn't give up this drug for anything but you have to understand that small improvements occur across several months and you have to hang in there for the long haul.
zoloft.Post167.Sentence1	slight loss of appetite , some headaches .
zoloft.Post167.Sentence2	Saved my life.
zoloft.Post167.Sentence3	I mean take everyones reviews with a grain of salt because all medication works differently for different people however for me this medication helped me get through my darkest times and idk if i would be alive today without it.
zoloft.Post168.Sentence1	none.
zoloft.Post168.Sentence2	Zoloft increased my happiness and stabilized my mood swings immediately.
zoloft.Post169.Sentence1	Generally very mild.
zoloft.Post169.Sentence2	Slightly delayed orgasm and some strange dreams .
zoloft.Post169.Sentence3	I tend to sleep longer in the morning .
zoloft.Post169.Sentence4	Completely silenced the endless tape loop in my head that kept telling me about all the horrible things that would probably happen .
zoloft.Post169.Sentence5	Hasn't changed my personality, but turned me into the person I'm supposed to be.
zoloft.Post169.Sentence6	Won't work for everyone, but worked wonders for me!
zoloft.Post170.Sentence1	In the beginning, headache , gastrointestinal effects, brain fog, perspiring.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence2	jittery , sexual effects .
zoloft.Post170.Sentence3	(of course, the problems i was having were causing those anyways) Now no side effects , occasonal headaches , and jitters , but mostly I feel much much better.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence4	This drug might have saved my life, it sure saved my sanity.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence5	I was experiencing panic attacks and depression that was making me unable to come out of my room because I was to worried about what "would happen".
zoloft.Post170.Sentence6	I am working again, doing all the things I need to do and love to do and able to care for my family.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence7	I wouldnt put this drug aside because of what you hear.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence8	Its a very effective drug if its used to combat the right cause.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence9	It works for me very well.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence10	The first month is rough, but it passes, it surely isnt worse then being scared of being in the kitchen because the knives are sharp .
zoloft.Post170.Sentence11	or not being able to get out of bed because facing the depression and feelings your having is to much of a load on your heart/mind to bother.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence12	Been there done that.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence13	Zoloft is better.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence14	Started off with a low dose, and had to up the dosage til we found what works for me.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence15	which is 150 mgs per day taken with cookies.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence16	i recommend the cookies.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence17	PS i have not gained any weight.
zoloft.Post170.Sentence18	and if
